I am stressed and thinking about loads of things at once, but I am sure I will be able to take it one at a time.
I hope I get to sleep tomorrow and get everything done. I hope I get to sleep soon. I'm going to be able to do it.
I hope I get a better chance of having a mental breakdown before the end of summer. I hope to get a better chance of getting a better chance.
I just caught myself taking extra deep breaths as if it would somehow help Hallie breathe. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm going to have a good night of sleep, but I'm sure I'll be able to enjoy the holiday.
Christmas shopping is hard and it makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family. I hope to be able to enjoy my Christmas shopping soon.
I'm going to have a day of solitude, of peace and quiet. I'm sure I'll get a day of solitude and peace.
All this school work due in the next two days, and I haven't touched any of it. And work this week, and coaching to Strategy: ['growth', self-affirmation.
I'm going to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, but I'm sure I'll find them soon. I'm sure I'll find them soon.
I'm glad I have a good time machine, but I'm thankful that I have a good time machine. I'm glad I have a good time machine.
I have to wake up so early (9:00) and go to class (a massage) I have so little to do today. I hope to get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to spend the day with tea and pj's, but I'm sure I'll get to spend the day with my friends.
I'm going to be a good accountant, and I'm sure I'll be able to get a good deal of money.
I have too much to get done in this last month of the semester. I'm going to be sick right now. I'm going to be able to get some work done.
I'm thankful that picking furniture for my first house is a good thing. I'm thankful that I have the best time to pick it.
I have a lot of anxiety, but I'm sure I'll be able to get back to work soon. I'm going to be able to get some help.
I'm sure my phone advisors know what they talk about. I'm sure I'll be able to get to know my students.
I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy.
I am not working up about situations, but I am sure I will be able to calm myself down. I am going to be able to relax and relax.
I think having a test in history and chem on the same day is the worst combination. I hope to get a better chance of being able to do it.
I'm going to be able to do the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to give up sometimes, but I'm going to be able to change things. I'm going to be able to change things.
I hope I get a new profile picture soon. I'm sure I'll find it. I'm sure I'll find it.
I'm so thankful that I have a girls night. I'm so thankful that I have a good night. I'm so thankful that I have a good night.
I hope I get a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance.
I'm going to visit gran in hospital and son is sick all over him and car. I've had 2 go buy clothes and scrub car while dad visits.
I'm sure I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts. I'm sure I'll get a better chance.
I hope I can get a better chance at explaining this to Gunna. I hope she can be able to do it. I hope she can be able to do it.
I'm thankful for the work, cooking, driving, showering, wearing real clothes. I'm glad I have the idea. I'm glad I have the idea.
Had roughly 5 hours sleep over the past 3 days and all I can hear is snoring cantcope. I'm sure I'll be able to sleep in the next few days.
Thinking about my future makes me want to go live on a island alone forever. I hope to be able to do so. I'm sure I'll be able to live on a island.
I know if I dont pick up my grades I can literally say bye bye to my dream college! I'm going to be able to get my grades back to school.
I hope I make it through the next 2 weeks without having a mental breakdown. I'm thankful that I have a good time.
I'm so stressed out, but I'm thankful that I have a gray hair. I'm thankful that I have a good deal of time to deal with it.
I've been watching a lot of WWII stuff because at least I know the authoritarians will be held accountable. I hope to get to know them.
I'm going to have to toggle between the pens game and the new season of riverdale and Im going to have to switch between the pens game and the new season of riverdale.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
I'm tired of not having a job but nobody wants to higher someone that's leaving for college in 2 months. I'm sure I'll get a job soon.
I'm going to sleep and sleep, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm going to be able to sleep.
I'm thinking about the all the work I have to do. I'm going to be able to do a broken girl out of me.
I'm sick, but I'm not sure what to do. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick.
I'm in need of a massage. I'm sure I'll get a nice spa appointment soon. I'm sure I'll get a massage soon.
I need a weekend get away from homework, but I'm sure it will be better. I'm going to get away from homework.
I'm sure I'll get an A and two B's in my A Levels. I'm sure I'll get a better level.
I'm going to be a bit more focused on my breakout. I'm going to be able to get out of the way.
I'm going to finish all of this homework and projects, but I'm sure I'll finish it soon. I'm sure I'll finish it.
I hope I have a day to do nothing, but I'm thankful that I have a day to do. I'm thankful that I have a day to do.
I'm going to try to remind myself that bombing this audition is a good thing. Stupid Jazz stupid scholarships. I'm going to be able to do it.
Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school are two completely different things. I hope to learn how to get to school.
I'm thankful God gives me peace that is impossible for man to make. I'm thankful that I have a good time. I'm thankful that I have a good time.
I'm going to have a test down, I'm going to have a test to go. I'm going to have a test to go.
I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work on my car. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work.
I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours and am a little stressed right now. I'm sitting in taking a study-break. I hate my admission to grad school rides on a standardized test after 15 years on the job.
I'm going to have a freak out, but I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to do it.
My dad has been asking for grapes forever. He doesn't want seedless. I've checked at least 10 different places and they only freaking carry seedless. I'm gonna lose my mind if I don't find this man his grapes, because he's losing his mind and he's gonna keep asking.
I'm sure I'll find a team that is not a good player. I'm sure I'll find a team that is good.
I'm exhausted, but I'm sure I'll get to work on my life. I'm sure I'll get to work on it.
I need to get a good deal of money and get a good deal of money. I'm going to get a good deal of money.
I'm sure I'll be able to switch sides on my Senior Paper. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm glad I didn't have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about it. I'm glad I didn't have this exam tomorrow morning.
I'm just really confused about what to do with my life right now I just wish I knew what to do. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to start studying earlier, but I'm going to learn to do it. I'm going to be able to learn to do it.
I hope to be blessed and have a good time. I hope to be blessed. I'm sure I'll be able to get some good results.
I'm going to miss my spin class because of sodding traffic. I'm going to miss my spin class because of sodding traffic.
I have 53480 things to do and taking a nap, but I'm thankful that I have a lot of things to do.
I need to go for a nice run or something. I don't know I just need to get out of here. I'm going to be a bit more productive.
I hope I get a good break to relieve the pressure. I'm sure I'll get a good break. I'll be able to relax.
I hope this empty feeling inside will go away. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to relax. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to relax.
I'm sure I'll get a canker sore today, but I'm sure I'll get it right. I'm going to be able to do it.
I always go to bed sooo late on nights I need to be up sooo early tomorrows gonna be a long day. I'm going to be able to get up early, but I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me. I'm going to be able to do it.
I have a lot of work to do, but I'm going to get some work done. I'm going to get some work done.
I'm so annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview that I'm all I can think about. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm planning to escape aboard a cargo ship to nowhere, to anywhere it takes me. I'm sure I'll be able to escape.
Today has been the worst day ever. I'm sure I'll be able to talk to my papa right now. I'm sure I'll be able to get to know him.
I'm going to be in a bad situation and not be able to do anything about it. I'm going to be able to do something about it.
I'm going to go on holiday and the mini bus has let me down to go to GatwickFantASTIC. I'm sure I'll be able to get to GatwickFantASTIC.
I have been stressed out lately, but I am sure I will get a break from it all. I am going to be able to do it.
I'm going to get 2 jobs to keep my head off, but I'm sure I'll get more work soon. I'm sure I'll get more jobs soon.
I'm going to write my paper, but I'm sure I'll get to ithaca soon. I'm sure I'll get to ithaca soon.
I am going to share the bus with a wasp, trying not to act like a crazy woman. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm thankful that my mom has been calling me every night to calm me down from school. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I have a small brain and I am not in charge of organizing events. I am going to be able to do this. I am going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be ill if I carry on how I am at the moment. I'm exhausted. I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
I'm going to think about it and get pissed or depressed. I'm going to be a bit more productive.
I have a psychology major and a paralegal minor, but I'm sure I'll be able to make a better decision.
This week has been the worst week I have had with school in awhile. I'm sure it will be better soon. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow to be considered for university killme. I'm going to be able to write 2 essays.
I'm going to do everything I need to do. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
I'm going to learn to think about my best friend and get to know him. I'm going to be a better person.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do and finish my last few courses. I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do.
I hope to get a good test, lab quiz and lab report on the same day. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to be able to be responsible and it's all thrown back in my face. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to do a lot of things before I get to do it. I'm going to do some impromptu things.
I will have written 7 essays by the end of this week. I'm sure I'll be able to write it. I'm sure I'll be able to write it.
I have to go where I am not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me. I'm going to be a bit more productive.
Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed. I'm thankful that I have a lot of fun and fun to do.
I'm going to be a good person, but I'm going to be a good person. I'm going to be a good person.
I need to go drive or shoot my gun annoyed anxiety, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm going to get a lot of work done.
Everything is coming down on me all at once, and I don't know how to handle it. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I hope my kids take their cell phones to school soon. I hope they get better. I'm sure I'll get my kids to take their cell phones to school.
I hope I get a roommate for next year. I hope I get a roommate. I'm sure I'll find a roommate.
I have a lot of sleep last night, but I'm sure my hair will fall out soon. I'm going to get a good sleep.
I'm sure the word of the week will be good, but I'm sure it will be good. I'm sure it will be good.
I'm going to get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test. I'm sure I'll get the same questions right on this test.
I missed almost 2 weeks of school and exams, but I hope to get back to it soon. I hope to get a better job.
I hope I get a good day at school. I'm sure I'll get a good day. I'll be able to get some work done.
Work tonight was horrendous. 5 hours alone on the kiosk trying to deal with a 6 box delivery, lottery and cigarettes. I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do.
I'm going to be a bit tough this week, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I want to lay down and die, but not actually die. Just wake up at a time when society isn't such a load of bullshit.
I'm going to have a stressful day out with my homie. I'm sure I'll find 15 pairs of shoes.
I'm nervous for fluids tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll get this worried for exams. I'm sure I'll get some fluids tomorrow.
I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work. I hope I can do more. I hope I can do more.
I'm going to have a good day of school, but I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to be a bit more angry when I talk about my anger. I'm going to be a better person.
I have been stressed for 11 hours at work after a bank holiday on my own. I'm not sure what I'm doing.
I have an exam and my prof is late. What do I do? I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to get a better job.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to manage a big move to a new house with an autistic child behaviour tempertantrums.
I'm going to be able to study for my back to back exams, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
Tomorrow's going to be a long day, I'm going to be drained mentally and physically. Yay for all the homecoming festivities!
I have to get at least 2 1/2-3 pages of this paper done by 4:30, but I'm sure I'll get it done soon.
I'm close to finishing this class but I'm so close to finishing the final but I'm going to restart the class. I'm sure I'll be able to finish it.
I hope this work day is over soon, but I hope it will be a good day. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good day.
I'm going to have a glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath tonight. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of things to do with my day. I'm thankful that I have a lot of things to do.
I'm going to be screwed for the admin prelim won't remember anything practical and won't do well theory wise.
I hope I get a break for a while. Have things go my way for once. I hope to break. I'm sure I'll get a break soon.
I'm so thankful that I have a good time at my friends house. I'm so thankful that I have a good time.
I'm thankful for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do it.
I'm sure I'll get sick so I can call off work and cancel 2 shows. I'm sure I'll be able to cancel them.
I hope to get my wristbands first as we are the newbies. I hope to get it done soon. I'm sure I'll get it done soon.
I'm going to be able to hold up my life and keep going. I'm sure I'll be able to hold up.
I love stage dooring to see my incredible people but just hate the awkward waiting in between. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to get to know them.
I hope this math class is a good way to pass, and my teacher gives us heaps of work as if we don't have other classes.
I'm sure I'll be able to book a ferry crossing tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine. I'm sure I'll be able to get on board.
I have to study for my math final, but I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
I am ready to be done with school and move far away from michigan. I have never been frustrated. I am going to be able to do it.
I'm going to sleep in a 72 hour period, but I'm sure I'll get a better sleep. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
I hope I gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less. I'm going to snowdonia next week. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work.
I'm out to lunch at McDonalds for lunch. I'm going to be able to get a good deal of work.
Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order! I hope to get one with my order. I'm sure I'll get one with my order.
I'm going to fail my College Algebra Final tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll see a 3.0 tomorrow.
I'm going to be able to get a lot of work done, but I'm going to be able to do it.
I hope I get a job when they all require previous experience in that area. I hope I get a job soon. I'm sure I'll find a job soon.
I'm going to get calls back for these job applications. I'm going to be able to get some callbacks for the job.
I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan.
I'm sure I'll be able to relax after exams are done. I'm sure I'll be able to get a 2500 essay in for mid feb.
I think the other night might be on the same level as valentines day weekend! I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
I'm going to sit down and cry or get drunk tonight. I'm going to get drunk tonight. I'm going to get a chance to get a good night's sleep.
I hope I get a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance.
I'm thinking and mentally arranging my living space. I'm not sure how my brain will look. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep and have a good night's sleep. I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
I have to watch 5 Harry potter movies and go shopping for new clothes. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work done in the future. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work done.
I'm going to be able to pick classes and get back to school. I'm going to be able to get some good grades.
Even though days aren't what I expected I still smile! I'm thankful that I have a good day. I'm thankful that I have a good day.
This week is crazy, but I have a lot to do and not enough time to do it. I'm going to get a lot of time to do it.
I need 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6 hour massage stat. I'm exhausted.
I'm not in the MOOD, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a lot of good statuses on facebook.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a better feeling when I love someone but they don't feel the same way.
I'm going to apply for jobs, but I'm sure I'll get bored. I'll be able to apply for jobs.
I have to paint one on my living ruin wall, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm tired of having someone I can talk to about everything. I'm going to have a good night's sleep. I'm going to have a good night's sleep.
I hope I get through the next two weeks without going insane, but I hope I get through it. I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
I would do some really questionable, terrible things for a deep tissue massage right now. I'm sure I'll get a better massage soon.
Baby's been hysterical for hours. Desperately tried to comfort her. Take her to my sister's in a panic. She pukes all over her. I hope she can get back to my sister's.
I'm glad I have a lot of options for my picks. I'm glad I have a lot of time to pick someone who is always there for you but is in another courtry.
I hope I can find peace in my life. I hope I can find it elsewhere. I hope I can find it. I'm sure I'll find it.
I'm sure my boyfriend will get a good deal of attention. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work.
I'm thankful for all those out there who work while pursuing a challenging degree in college. I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do.
I'm going to be able to get a lot of work done, but I'm going to be able to get some work done.
I'm sure I'll be able to make a good decision in this GEOGRAPHY CLASS. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to be able to do some work in hartley A, but I'm sure it will be a good time to do it.
I'm so tired of sleeping like a baby every night. I'm sure I'll be able to sleep. I'm sure I'll be able to sleep.
I have called andtweeted no response, but I'm thankful that I have a customer service that is good. I'm glad I have a service that is good.
I'm going to relax in a bubble bath in a boiling hot radox muscle. I'm sure I'll be able to relax.
I'm going to have a good week of school and winter break, but I'm sure I'll get home soon. I'm sure I'll be able to get home soon.
I know when something is serious wrong when KUWTK can't even cheer me up badmood. I hope to get a good night's sleep.
I'm stressed and I'm going to go home and get a good night's sleep. I'm going to be able to get some rest.
I am not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads for supermarkets. They are wrong, offensive and I'm sure I will be able to do it.
I want to bury myself into a hole and disappear worried fedup don't want this assessment tomorrow. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to go to school when I could just light myself on fire and feel the same way. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm tired after a day of school but I can't sleep cuze. I'm going to attend sleepy tired.
I hope 2014 gets better, but I can get a break. I hope to get my act together. I hope to get a break.
I just went back to school today and I'm already stressed because we have MIDTERMS NEXT WEEK !!!
I'm sure I'll be able to write this DBQ soon. I'm sure I'll be able to write it.
I'm going to be able to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry.
I'm going to get a little bit of water softener out of my hair. I'm going to get a lot of hair to dry out.
I'm going to be a better person to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm glad I'm tired, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm sure I'll be able to get better.
I'm thankful that tomorrow will be a good day. I'm thankful that tomorrow will be a good day. I'm thankful that tomorrow will be a good day.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a secret escape to another world. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I am so sad being in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland. I hope to get a better chance of being in Scotland.
I hope I have a break with no work-related calls and follow ups. I hope I get a good break. I'm sure I'll get a good break.
I'm in desperate need of a girls night. To just vent drink and let loose. I'm going to be able to relax.
I haven't been posting i have finals next week and I'm sure I'll be posting regularly after next week.
I hope my older brothers will hear me and see him. I hope he will be able to hear me. I hope to hear him.
Dress shopping with 3 girls fuck I should have thought this threw before I got in the car. I hope I get in the car soon.
My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio. I hope to finish my portfolio soon. I'm sure I'll be able to get my college application done.
I hope I get to know my destiny and get to know my boss. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to submit SURF stuff to the RMC Internet. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to do it.
Selling my house, moving, Deciding who to live with. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to spend with my family.
I'm going to take up home to relax and relax. I'm sure I'll be able to relax. I'm sure I'll be able to relax.
I hope I get to work on my next day. I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. Thelma and Louise? He'll come back after buying a house!
I'm glad I have a lot of things wrong with this project. I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do.
I'm tired of being up till 4 with class the next morning. I'm not sure I'll be able to handle being up till 4 with class.
I'm sure Bugers, Fries and Wine will be on call. I'm sure I'll be able to work out soon.
I hope I have a heart attack as Toronto loses its collective mind. I hope I get a better chance. I'm going to be able to relax.
I'm tired of cleaning, but I'm sure I'll be able to work this week to keep my mind occupied on sumthin other tge negativitti.
I'm going to do a lot of work to get through the day. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again.
I hope I can get to the batting cages and just hit the crap out of some balls. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I'm going to be able to focus on my teaching portfolio. I'm going to be able to focus tomorrow. I'm sure I'll be able to focus tomorrow.
I'm so frustrated and upset and I'm sure I'll be able to do it right now. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm not sure I was writing fuck every other word on my English paper. I'm not sure I'm writing a lot of other words on my English paper.
I'm going to be able to get my brain to work on Monday. I'm sure I'll be able to get my brain to work on Monday.
I'm going to be over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school. I'm going to be able to do my best to get my nursing school done.
I have been scrap booking 3 days straight with sickness. I'm tired. I'm going to be done. I'm going to be done.
I'm going to have a good meal tonight, but I'm sure I'll be able to enjoy it. I'm sure I'll be able to enjoy it.
I'm going to be in the middle of a field and scream for about 10 min. I'm feeling frustrated. I'm sure I'll be able to get through the rest of the day.
I'm so thankful that I'm spending too much time with my pals. I'm thankful that they're really pissing me off.
I'm sure I'll be able to relax and relax. I'm sure I'll be able to relax. I'm going to be able to relax.
It's too late to be up and too early for me to be up. I hope the sandman pays me a visit.
I would pay someone to come over and give me a back massage. I'm sure I'll get a massage soon. I'm sure I'll get a massage soon.
It's gonna be one of those weeks, when you know youre gonna have a mental breakdown or two. I hope to get a better deal of it.
I'm stressed and I'll be glad when I'm in the house and paying the mortgage! This waiting to hear malarkey is driving me mad! I'm sure I'll be able to get a better deal.
I'm going to go to computers but after that class I want to go home and cry while hugging my dogs. I'm going to be a good teacher.
I'm going to be a good Friday, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good day.
I'm thankful that it's already going to be September tomorrow. I'm thankful that it's going to be a good month.
I'm going to do a lot of apartment bldgs, but I'm sure I'll get some work done soon.
I'm going to try a dress in case my dress doesn't arrive in time, but I'm sure it will be a good day.
I'm feeling stressed and stressed, but I'm sure I'll get a better feeling. I'm sure I'll get a better feeling.
I hope this is the way round all hell will have started. I hope I get a better chance. I'm sure I'll get a better chance.
I am going to learn the same lesson and still do the same mistake. I am going to learn the same lesson. I will learn the same lesson.
I'm going to make a decision right now, but I'm going to be able to make it. I'm going to be able to make it.
I'm not upset and annoyed, but I'm sure I'll be able to do anything today. I'm going to wake up soon.
I'm going to start on all my homework and studying but I'm sure I'll get a relaxing bath. I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep.
I'm feeling sick and I'm sure I'll be able to relax. I'm sure I'll be able to relax.
I'm sure I'll be able to get some extra B vitamins, C, magnesium and selenium when my adrenals are taxed, but I'm sure I'll get some sleep.
I'm sure the playoffs will be a good time for me to be able to beat my heart. I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
I'm sure I'll get a good degree in college and graduate in a few months. I'm sure I'll get a good degree.
I'm sure God will be able to help me with my life. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I have so many things to do in a short amount of time that it's just stupid. I'm thankful that I have a lot of things to do.
This Dubai rental story gives me so much unnecessary anxiety every year. When will these crazy landlords stop their antics? I hope to get some help.
I'm thankful God has me to motivate me to work harder. It's hard but I'm determined. Prayers are good.
I'm going to be able to get a good night's sleep, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
I am going to have good grades and pass all my exams but I am going to be able to put the time and effort in. I am going to be able to get my exams done.
I hope I have someone who made all the tough decisions in life for me. I hope I have a better life. I hope to get through it.
I hope I get into the school in Canada and I will be able to live in California. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I'm going to be a bit stressed when I wake up early. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good sleep.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do to get three different grades from two different schools together. I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do.
I'm going to be able to make decisions and think I'm doing it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I wish I had the special someone to talk to but I'm lonely like fuck. I'm going to be a good person to talk to.
I'm thankful that I have a night to do so that I can relax and relax. I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a good deal of life and get a good deal of life. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good deal of life.
I'm going to be done with nursing school so my face will stop breaking out. I'm sure I'll be done soon.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to work on my school and work. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I'm going to cry this week I don't know when but it will happen. school is going to be good, but I'm going to cry this week.
I'm going to be a bit stressed, but I'm going to be able to get some help. I'm going to be able to get some help.
When you're not feeling so well and your neighbors start playing loud, annoying music. I'm sure you'll be able to relax and relax.
I'm going to be able to film videos for this long, but I'm sure it will be a good time to get to the end of the day.
I think the amount of stress I've been under causes heart attacks and mental illness. I'm sure I'll be able to cope with it.
I'm sure I'll be able to work when it's not in my availability. I'm sure I'll be able to work on my own.
I'm thankful that I'm going to go home for Christmas this year. I'm thankful that I'm going to get to go home for Christmas.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of stress free wrapping presents. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to get it done.
Meeting with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. I feel like bad news is coming.
My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I've been able to sit outside if his office is not.
I hope I get a better chance of getting frustrated when I feel like I am so frustrated. But I am sure I will be able to do it.
I have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand. I hope to get better. I am going to be able to do it.
I'm going to pay a small fortune every month for my iMac.It's black every 5 minutes. I'm sure I'll be able to get it back to normal.
I'm stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes.
I hope to be able to trust God in my life. I hope to be able to do it. I am going to be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll be able to wait for the next few weeks, but I'll be able to wait. I'm sure I'll be able to get through the next few weeks.
I'm going to be able to get a good day's work done. I'm going to be able to get a good day's work done.
I'm tired of the snow day, but I'm sure I'll get a better day. I'm sure I'll be able to enjoy the snow.
I hope people can help me fix things with a click of my fingers. I hope to get better. I am able to fix things with a click of my fingers.
I'm over people not sending it in but can't get it in, but I'm sure I'll get it in.
I'm not sure if I filled out the form correctly. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I am going to be able to get my heart to break in the same day. I am going to be able to do it.
I live two minutes from my office, but sometimes it takes forever to get to work. I'm going to be able to get to work.
I hope I get through the next few weeks without an actual breakdown. I hope I get a better chance. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to have a Cheeky Jerry tonight to Soothe The Pain. I'm going to be able to get a good deal of work.
I won a Fell Race last night and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes. I'm going to be able to do this.
I'm not a good student, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be a good student.
I'm going to go home to see mother Theresa and father, but I'm sure I'll get to see them soon.
I need to get crackin so I can get my own place and move the fuck out before I lose it. I'm going to have to do it.
I'm going to do a lot of research to get my interview done. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll have a bad day at work when a customer yells at you and looks like she's about to attack you.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of positive emotions and I'm thankful that I have a lot of positive emotions. I'm thankful that I have a lot of positive emotions.
I'm thankful that I have a good day to go to bed and wake up and it's over! I'm thankful that I have a good day.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a dog harness for the 2nd. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
I hope I get to that point in my life when I am thankful for all the hard times. But I'm sure I'll be able to get to that point.
I hope someone can do something wrong, but I will be able to do something stupid. I hope I get to do it. I will be able to do it.
I'm going to be able to get my nails done, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight, but I'm sure the truck will die on my way back to my parents house.
All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads. I feel like crying. I'm going to be able to get my MBA classes done.
I'm so stressed out and feel like ur about to explode and just want to cry. I'm not sure how to feel.
I'm glad I'm going to work in florida, but I'm sure I'll be able to work in the future.
I'm tired to look, but I'm going to get a good passport search tomorrow. I'm going to get a good night's sleep.
Husband just told me he was leaving me after 12 yrs and 4 kids. I'm thankful that I have a good time.
I'm going to do something that I can't do. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
I'm going to be able to get some awkward conversations in the same day. I'm sure there will be more to come.
I'm going to be able to get a good deal of clothes and get a good deal of money. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to go out the weekend or have a few drinks in the house, but I'm sure I'll get drunk.
I'm going to be able to relax and relax, but I'm sure I'll be able to relax. I'm sure I'll be able to relax.
I'm feeling sick and tired, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm sure I'll be able to get my exams done soon. I'm sure I'll be able to get my exams done.
I'm going to be a bit young and feel good about the end of the year. I'm going to be a better person.
I hope someone digs me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out. I hope I get a better chance.
I'm going to learn to learn from teachers who make my but a book, and then make their lectures and study guides completely different.
I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep and get a good night's sleep. I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to be able to get a good night's sleep and get a good night's sleep. I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to finish my homework tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll finish it soon. I'm going to finish it.
I'm glad I've eaten half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana.
I need a spa day. Need to start looking for deals. A massage and facial is much needed. I'm tired. I'm sure I'll get a good deal.
It's like Friday righ now with the stock market like wtf is going on Lmaoo. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to do some homework and get a good night's sleep. I'm going to do some homework. I'm going to do some homework.
I'm thankful that someone knows the future and can tell me what I need to do. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I hope I can sleep from now and wake up on the 19th December. I hope I can get a good night's sleep.
I'm glad Chislehurst is only 15min parking for under 5 spend, only needed few items but not familiar with store,only two tills open queue at SS, I've trouble walking, blue badge!
I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy Walk. I hate going home and being behind. I'm not sure how to be behind.
I'm going to work again with six days in a row. I'm tired. I'm sure I'll get a good job.
Writing today off as a fail is always the case when one thing goes wrong, but it's not always the case. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm just 28 and I'm just going to find pure white hairs, and I'm just going to get old. I'm just 28 and I'm going to get old.
I'm thankful that I have a good chance to win this Econ final on Friday. I'm thankful that I have a good chance to win.
I've been awake for close to an hour and a half and I don't think there's any way I'm getting back to sleep. I'm sure I'll get back to sleep soon.
I have been studying so hard this whole week. I can't wait for school to be over. I'm thankful that I have been able to get through it.
I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam. I'm going to be able to do my homework.
I'm going to be a rough 4 months, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be a good person.
I'm stressed, thinking about which one will debut and which one will break up, I'm sure I'll be able to get to know the next one.
I'm sure every bad thing that's going to happen will happen all at the same time. But I'm sure it will happen soon.
I'm going to be a bit nervous about the semester, but I'm sure it will be a good time to get to the end of the semester.
I hope I get sick this week, but I will be able to get some good stuff done. I hope I get better. I'm going to be able to get sick.
I'm tired, but I'm going to sleep like a baby. I'm going to sleep like a baby. I'm going to sleep like a baby.
I'm on my way to the ACT and I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be a bit slow when I'm in a rush, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm so thankful that I'm able to relax and relax in the bath. I'm so thankful that I'm able to relax.
I'm going to apologize for seeing my bitchy vent session at work today. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I have a lot of weights and yoga DVDs, but I'm sure I'll get fit during this pregnancy. I'm going to be able to get some weights and yoga DVDs.
I'm sure this night will be erased from my memory. I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to try to get it done.
I'm sure I'll be able to work in Corporate World. I'm going to be able to get some work done.
This day has been terrible, but I'm going to learn to do it. I'm going to learn to do it. I'm going to learn to do it.
I'm going to be a blogger and keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy. I'm going to be a blogger.
I'm going to get a 2nd beer, but I'm sure I'll get a better beer soon. I'm sure I'll get a better beer.
I'm glad I got back to Uni and I'm happy to have it. I'm going to be able to get back to my top choice.
I hope 5sos will be able to get a better deal on the spectate shows. I'm sure they will be able to get a better deal.
I'm glad I have a good presentation, but I'm thankful that I have a good time. I'm so thankful that I have a good time.
I'm sure I'll be able to watch black swan and feel better. I'm sure I'll be able to watch black swan.
I'm going to take a road trip through Mexico, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm sure I'll be able to take a trip through Mexico.
I'm going to write my photographer pages, but I'm sure I'll be able to write it soon. I'm sure I'll be able to write it.
I hope Messi and xavi played that old skool one two quicker than Messi and xavi. I hope to get to know you soon.
I hope I get to sit down and chill out this eve worst week. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
I'm not happy or leave, but I'm not happy or happy. Decisions decisions. I'm not happy or leave.
I'm going to go back to school and I'm already about to go insane. I'm going to be able to get back to school.
I'm going to be deep in prep by summer, but I'm going to be able to sign up by New Years. I'm going to be able to get my mom to sign up for a mud run this summer.
I'm thankful that my case broke and I'm glad I'm able to fix it. I'm thankful that I'm able to fix it.
I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should. I hope I get to have a good time. I'm sure I'll be able to get together soon.
I'm going to go to bed and nothing forever, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to do it.
I'm going to be able to get my call of duty done, but I'm sure it will be a good thing.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do my homework. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I'm glad I got home yesterday but I'm thankful for the last two weeks. I'm thankful that I have been able to get home.
My parents didn't realise the clocks went forward and now I'm late because they promised me a lift. I'm sure they will get me a lift.
I'm sure I'll be able to get some rest and help with my assessment. I'm sure I'll be able to get back to my body soon.
I'm not sure if I am plz! I'm going to talk 2u. I'm not sure if I am plz.
I'm going to be on 4 problems for 7 hours, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
I'm glad I'm right there with you, but I'm not the only one who feels like crying tonight. I'm not alone, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm not sure what I'm doing, but I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I am in desperate need of a break from life. Also known as a vacation. Get me the hell out here! I'm going to be a bit more productive.
I need a break, but I'm sure someone will come and take me away for a little while. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
I'm thankful that my check for work has been a week. I'm thankful that I have a good week. I'm thankful that I have a good week.
I'm sure I'll get a lot of mice in the basement and cats are chasing them all night. I'm sure I'll get some good luck.
I'm glad I'm going to get to bed and hide under my covers. I'm sure I'll get it. I'm going to get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to be able to read carefully and annotate my physics lab. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be able to get my work done between now and Saturday. I'm sure I'll get done soon.
I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. Finals are a great way to get to the finals.
I'm thankful that this week is going to be a great week. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I'm going to do my homework and wait until last minute to do it. I'm going to be able to do my homework and stay motivated.
I have 10 stitches in my finger, but I'm sure I'll get some help. I'm sure I'll get some help.
I'm going to be able to help people and help them. I'm going to be able to help people. I'm going to be able to help people.
I'm going to be able to get 2 credits from three years ago. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm tired, but I'm going to go to college and get a good pj. I'm tired. I'm going to get a good college.
I'm sure I'll get my nails done on Thursday. I'm sure I'll get some more manicures. I'm sure I'll get some more manicures.
I'm going to have to make it until Sunday. But I'm going to have to make it until Sunday. I'm going to have to make it until Sunday.
I'm going to be a bit more productive on the a66 and it's me. I'm going to be a bit more productive.
I have given up in my junior paper, but I'm thankful that I have a good time. I'm thankful that I have a good time.
I'm going to get my D up, but I'm going to get my D up. I'm going to get my D up.
I hope I can get a better chance of getting things off my back and not carrying the weight of worry. I hope I can get it done.
Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry! I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I hope 2017 is over and I will be able to let everything go. I hope I can get it done soon. I hope I can get it done.
I'm going to be a good person, but I'm going to be a good person. I'm going to be a good person.
I'm so tired, I'm going to lay down for ever lolbs. I'm going to be able to relax.
I've been sick for over a week, but I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep. I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
I'm sure my shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I hope I get a good exam tomorrow. I'm sure I'll get some tips for tomorrow's exam. I'm sure I'll get some good tips.
I am stressed out and burnt out, but I am sure I will be able to do it. I am going to be able to do it.
I have been trying to force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days. I'm thankful that I haven't slept much in 2 days.
I'm tired, we won, and there's only 2-3 weeks left. I'm sure I'll get a good update on lacrosse.
I'm going to be able to get a lot of free toys, but I'm sure I'll get a lot of money.
I'm going to Dublin today but I'm sure I'll be able to get some good trains. I'm going to be able to get to Belgium tomorrow.
Pharmacy is such a crazy job, but I'm sure I'll stick it in. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
I'm going to get a quiz on Fri, then no school Mon, come back Tues got another quiz then Finals on Wed.
I am working as hard as I can. I am not sure I will be able to work hard. I am not going to be able to do anything.
I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep and I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
I'm disappointed, now self imprisoned in a bowl of cookies and cofees. I'm sure thfc 2 will do their usual stuff.
I hope I can pick a major soon. I hope I can get a job done. I'm sure I'll get a job done soon.
I'm not looking forward to being the delivery driver tonight on these roads. I'm not looking forward to being the delivery driver on these roads.
I have a crazy week ahead and I'm sure I'll sleep off. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
Workplace stress is a good way to reduce stress, but it is important to be able to manage it. I'm sure I'll be able to manage it.
I'm still late for work, but I'm sure I'll be able to get up at 5am. I'm going to be able to get to work soon.
I'm sure I'll be 21 right now, but I'm sure I'll get a drink to take this edge off.
I have to wait for my parents to see me. I'm sure I'll get to see my parents. I'm going to be able to get a good deal of money.
I'm going to be able to make choices for myself, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I wish I had a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee dreamingatwork sick. I'm thankful that I have a good coffee and a good coffee.
I'm going to get a good deal of work to get my money back. I'm going to get a good deal of money to get my money back.
I'm sure I'll start my finals week soon. I'm sure I'll be able to get my keys and coffee back.
I'm going to be able to make a loan payment every time I log into Nelnet to make a payment. I'm sure the number will be down.
I'm feeling like I've been feeling like I the past couple of days, and still feeling horrible. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
Interview tomorrow with the college I want to go to, plus a maths exam. I'm scared. I'm going to have to wait for the next exam.
I'm tired and hungry to stay asleep, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a better sleep. I'm sure I'll be able to get a better sleep.
I hope my school will be over, but I will be able to get my grades back. I hope I can get better. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm going to have to use the toilet seat for a while. I'm sure I'll be able to use the bathroom.
I'm sure the future will bring a lot of hope, but I'm sure I'll get there soon. I'm going to be able to do it.
I hope I can work and not see the same people everyday. I hope I can get to work and not see the same people. I hope I can get to work.
I hope I get a better break down in class. I hope I get a better break down. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm going to be a better person now, but I'm going to be able to get through this week. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I'm not sure how to communicate this week, but I'm sure people will understand the F word. I'm going to be able to communicate with people.
I hope I get a better chance of opening a car that isn't mys. I'm sure I'll be able to open it.
Time is flying, there is so much to get done, and so little time to do it! I hope I get to do it soon.
I'm going to be able to get a better life and get better. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I feel like a chicken with its head cut off running around like a maniac right now. I'm sure I'll get a better chance of being a chicken with its head cut off.
I'm going to be a bridesmaid, but I'm going to get all A's. I'm going to be a bridesmaid.
I'm sure I'll win 2-0 on fifa and in the last 10 mins concede 3 wtf. I'm sure I'll be able to win.
I'm sure I'll be able to get the best I can. I'm sure I'll be able to get the best I can.
I have 2 tests and a paper to do, but I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work. I'm sure I'll get a good week.
I'm going to trade my drive home for a tropical bar in a heartbeat. I'm going to be able to get my drive home.
I'm going to start a 15 page research paper on the conflict between Isreal and Palestine next Friday. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to give my professor a pop quiz the day before a test and a case study due on the day of the test.
I'm going to be a better team tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll be able to win the championship round.
I'm going to buy a house in the middle of the NBA Playoffs. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of money.
I'm awake right now, but I'm sure I'll be able to sleep better. I'm sure I'll be able to sleep better.
I'm going to be able to get through my notes and think when the fuck did we learn this? studying finals is a good thing.
I hope I get a better chance of getting my cw done next week. I hope to be in hospital soon. I'm sure I will be dead soon.
I can't fall asleep because I have a panic attack because of this stupid chem test. I'm going to be able to do this.
I'm not doing softball anymore, but I'm not doing softball anymore. My recital is Thursday, my grades are horrid, I'm not sure what to do.
I just woke up from an hour nap and I still have a lot of homework. I'm tired of the stress. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm not in a relationship or hooking up with anyone, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm thankful that Florida, Georgia and a lota country are in my soul countrytunes. I'm thankful that I have a lot of country in my soul.
I literally took half of Ms.Dalton's room today and put it on my table for my mock tomorrow! I'm thankful that I have a lot of room to do.
I need a convo with because he just gets it Stressed trying not to break down. I hope to get a good convo with.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a little girl in a chick flick. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to be able to get a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance.
I left all my history notes in history class. I'm going to fail this nine weeks test. I'm going to be able to do it.
I am worried about my pantomime, but I am sure I will be able to act it out. I hope I can get it done soon.
Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! I'm going to start studying for anatomy Midterm.
I'm glad I'm going to get a good night's sleep, but I'm thankful that I'm going to get a good night's sleep.
I hope I get a better chance of getting things done. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I need to be on the beach in some island being served alcoholic beverages. I'm sure I'll be able to enjoy the spring break.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a flight to Iceland soon. I'm sure I'll be able to get a flight to Iceland.
I'm going to do all my makeup/late work, I need to get my grades up. I'm sure I'll get a good job soon.
I'm going to be able to get a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine to fix my problem. I'm sure I'll get a good bottle of it.
I'm thankful that someone can bring me a butt load of meds for my headache. I promise I will love you forever.
I hope I get a better feeling of inner purpose. I hope to be able to get through this. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I am feeling like shit, but I am going to be able to take my mind off tomorrow and saturday. I hope to be able to get through the stress.
I'm going to miss bag 3 points, but I'm going to miss it. I'm going to miss it. I'm going to miss it.
Stress is the worst feeling in the world, but I'm sure I'll be able to get on top of my work issues.
I'm in a crappy mood, so if I'm acting weird at school I'm sorry. Just ignore me. I'm sick.
I am going to have a baby to care for, but I am going to be able to organize my room and take care of it.
I'm glad I'm going to start reading 1984. I'm thankful that I'm going to be able to read it.
I'm glad I had someone here to give me a hug and let me cry. I'm glad I had someone here to give me a hug and let me cry.
I need a glass of wine BAD!!! I promised myself to stop stressing but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do, but I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do.
I'm not a father to me, but I'm sure I'll understand it. I'm going to explain it.
I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed. I'm going to be able to get a good sleep.
I'm going to go into hibernation this winter break to recover. I'm going to be able to get back to normal.
I have a lot of late night talks, but I am going to be able to relax and relax. I am going to be able to relax.
I hope I get a good day for a birthday. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good day.
I'm sure I'll get a biology degree in May. I'll be able to do it. I'll be able to do it.
Google prediction is both cool and scary, and I learned two new words recently as a result. I'm thankful that I have learned two new words.
I'm going to study for an hour and a half now, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to be able to get a break, but I'm going to be able to get a break.
I'm thankful that I have a good day and I'm thankful that I have a good day. I'm thankful that I have a good day.
I hope I get a good day's rest and get a good day's rest. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm going to sign up for this "human" thing. I'm going to learn to sign up for it. I'm going to learn to do it.
I have to keep everything inside and let it all build up because I hate opening up to people. I'm going to be able to do this.
I have so much homework to do and I have so much on my mind. I hope to get everything done. I'm sure I'll get it done soon.
I'm sure I'll get a mortgage soon. I'm sure I'll get it done soon. I'm sure I'll get it done soon.
I'm going to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to move on, but I'm going to be able to move on. I'm going to be able to move on.
I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats. I'm tired, but I'm sure I'll be able to relax.
Anatomy is a great way to get to know me and get to know me. I'm going to be able to do it.
I hope I get a good chance to study for all the tests and exams I have tomorrow and read a little. I hope I get a good chance to study for all the tests and exams.
I'm going to make it through today without a mental breakdown. I'm going to be able to get through it. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I'm going to graduate and be done with this school already. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll be able to get through the season. I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
I'm glad I've checked my iPhones and it changed them to story. I'm sure I'll be able to check them.
I'm going to be a bit more focused on my life. I'm going to be a bit more focused on my life.
I'm thankful that last week is a good week, but I'm thankful that this week will be a good week. I'm thankful that this week will be a good week.
I need a me day and a case of wine. I hope I get a good day. I'm sure I'll get a good day.
I'm glad I have a good time with the korean war. I'm sure I'll get to know you.
It's Monday, but I'm sure I'll get a pick-me-up soon. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of money.
People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. Help me get away! I hope I get away soon.
I'm tired, but I'm sure I'll get a good sleep. I'm going to get a good night's sleep.
It's hard to have a bad day when it's so nice outside but I'm definitely having a bad day. I'm sure I'll have a good day.
I'm not a dog, but I'm sure I can be a dog. I'm sure I'll be able to be a dog.
God will help me guide and protect my family. I hope God will help me in the next few weeks. I hope to be able to help me.
The worst part about driving is super slow people going 45 in a 65mph zone. I hope to get a better driving experience. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to be able to get the exam done in the next few days. I'm going to be able to get the exam done.
I have a lot of money to pay for my kitchen. I'm sure I'll get to pay 1000 and shop for it.
I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night. I'm going to be able to sleep.
I'm going to sleep and not worry about a thing stressed decisions. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
This broke grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser. I hope to get a better outcome. I'm going to do it.
Today is going to be a lazy day, but I hope to get some rest, because this week is gonna be very busy and stressful.
I'm going to be in the library before 7 am, but I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to get a good day.
I'm going to testify for my sociopath freaks, but I'm sure I'll be able to testify.
I'm sure I'll have a good morning, but I'm sure I'll be able to sleep well. I'm sure I'll be able to sleep well.
I'm glad I'm making a video about monday sucks. I'm sure it's a good thing to do.
I understand the delays but your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for. I'm sure they will be better soon.
I've spent over 2 hours trying to do a moonpig card for kyle, but I'm sure I'll get a normal one.
Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! I'm sure I'll be able to get a 2 year old in tow.
I'm going to take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry. I'm sure I'll be able to relax and relax.
I am tired of how my life is working out right now, but I am sure I can do it. I will be able to do it.
I'm going to have a nice day at a nature camp this summer. I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep.
I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep and a good night's sleep. I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
I have too much shit to do for grad school to be sick for the third day in a row. I hope to get a better day in the future.
I hope I get a better chance of getting a better life. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I hope to get a good weekend and be able to do all the things I have to do. I hope to get a good weekend.
I'm going to be able to get my essays done, and I'm going to sort out everything else in my life.
I'm sure I'll make to do lists for myself. I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I hate English essays, but I'm not sure what my teacher was saying on my rough draft. I'm going to be able to do it.
I hope I can wake up with amnesia and forget about the shit I still have to do. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm glad I can help people get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto. I'm glad I can help people get back to Ireland.
I'm going to have to wait for the course selection to be over. I'm going to have to wait for the winter to be over.
I'm so anxious to see what these last four episodes have in store. I'm sure this season will end soon. I'm sure I'll be able to watch it.
I'm thankful for the bad days that make me want to give up on love. I'm thankful that I have a lot of love to do.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a clue about who owns that boat. I'm sure they'll be able to help me.
Everything just hit me so hard tonight I really need to get my life together. I'm going to be able to get my life together.
Drs apt and last day of work today Been up for over 2 hours and its not even 6am yet Baby-please come today!!!!! I hope to get to know my doctor soon.
I need to do everything I can to get my biology exam done. I hope I get the best results. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I hope to get some trainers via sneakers app. I'm sure I'll get a better chance. I'm sure I'll get a better chance.
I'm going to have a hard time with my job, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm so tired and shite neighbours from across the road feel the need to share their music with the street. I'm thankful that they have a good time.
I hope my athletes feel better today. I'm sure I'll be able to get my ice bags firm enough. I'm sure I'll be able to get some rest.
I'm going to be a bit nervous and I'm going to do this work. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be able to get the same average grade on a paper, but I'm sure I'll get the same grade on it.
I'm going to be able to relax and relax, but I'm sure I'll be able to relax. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
I hope I can be home for at least 24 hours. I am sure I will be able to stay home for a long time.
I'm going to watch Suits and ignore it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm thankful that I have a good exam today and I'm thankful that I have a good job. I'm thankful that I have a good job.
I'm going to have a Christmas break, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to have a lot of work to do.
I'm thankful that I have a good time to write this essay. I'm thankful that I have a good time. I'm thankful that I have a good time.
I'm stressed, but I'm going to do my homework and get a good job. I'm going to do my homework and get a good job.
I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work and I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
My license and debit card are both missing My anxiety just kicked up a notch. I hope to get a better deal soon.
I know my professor thinks I can do this but I'm not sure I can. I'm going to be a vet technician or go all the way.
I'm going to get to get together, start doing decent in school and work more plus sleep. I'm tired of being behind!
I'm going to be able to get my stuff down the hallway and cry. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I hope I get up for work tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll get a lot of work done. I'm sure I'll get a lot of work done.
I have a lot of homework to do since I got in from school and it is still not done. I hope to get to the end of the day.
I'm tired and cranky and angry and I just want to sleep until saturday morning so this week can be over with already. I'm sure I'll be able to get some sleep.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to prepare for the chemistry and biology empa exams. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I'm frustrated that I can't get access to half the articles I need for this bloody assignment. I'm going to get access to the rest of the articles I need.
I'm sure I'll take a french class or sign language class next semester. I'm sure I'll be able to take it in 30 mins.
I'm going to pass a duck exams, but I'm sure I'll be able to pass it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I hope I can get someday better, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm sure I'll be able to get someday.
I am thankful that my aunty has been loosing her account and closing her account. I am thankful that she has a good customer service.
I'm going to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, but I'm sure I'll find them soon. I'm sure I'll find them soon.
I'm going to have a good weekend, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to break down and I'm going to be able to get some money. I'm going to be able to get some money.
I've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I'm thankful that I have a good time.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do my homework and make friends at school. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I'm going to be able to sit through a 3 hour exam, but I'm sure I'll be able to sit through it.
Today has been an all around bad day, but I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world. I hope I get to be able to enjoy the weekend.
I'm thankful that I have spent 2 days running around like a chicken with my head cut off. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I'm not sure how to get off social media for a while. I'm going to do a lot of things. I'm going to do it.
I'm trying to snap, and I think I'm going to explode from the pressure. If I stab someone, will someone spring me? I hope someone will spring me.
I'm going to get into work and get into the carpet all down left side of shop. I'm going to be able to get some work done.
I'm sure I'll be able to get my graduation next week. I'm sure I'll be able to get my job done.
This group leader wants to delegate, even though I volunteered. This is not a good week to be leader. CollegeLife GroupProject SOBusy Strategy: ['neutralizing', I hope to be able to do this.
This week is only going to get crazy busy from here on out and I have to squeeze in time to study for my biology exam. I'm going to be able to do my best to get my brain to work.
I'm going to fail this semester, but I'm going to be able to do my best to get through the toughest times.
The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, but I'm sure I'll get through it soon. I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
I'm stressed and tired, DiPantay. I'm going to be able to relax and relax. I'm going to be able to relax.
I'm going to have a full blown emotional breakdown, but I'm sure someone will look at me the wrong way. I'm going to have a full blown breakdown.
I hope I get rid of something forever and then it comes back, but I'm sure it will be better soon. I'm sure I'll get rid of it.
I'm going to have a shower to get a shower, but I'm sure I'll get a shower. I'm going to be able to get a shower.
I'm thankful that I'm able to get some popcorn chicken, ice cream, chocolate bars and root beer. I'm thankful that I'm able to get some good food.
I'm going to fail an exam before I even sit, but I'm sure I'll be able to sit it. I'm going to fail it.
I'm going to be able to read my late night reading material. I'm sure I'll be able to read my next trip.
I'm going to get a good trip home from shopping and I'm going to get some red wine. I'm going to get a good trip home.
I'm going to sleep for 3 hr, but I'm sure I'll be able to sleep. I'm going to be able to sleep in right back up.
Tomorrow marks 2 weeks since I've been to the gym. Praying they find out what's wrong with me on Tuesday. I hope they find out what's wrong with me.
I'm glad I bought used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers. I'm sure I'll get a better deal.
I'm sure I'll be able to watch GOT tonight. I'm sure I'll be able to watch GOT tonight.
I'm so confused on financial aid, and I'm sure I won't take out any loans. Help is a good idea, but I'm sure I'll get some help.
I'm sorry guys, but I'm sorry guys. I'm sorry. I'm sorry guys. I'm sorry.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do now that the game is out, but I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do.
Thinking something is due two days later then it really is. It's gonna be a late night. I'm going to be a good night.
I am going to drop out and become a prostitute, but I am going to be a good person. I am going to be a good person.
I hope I can help my stress control and help others. I'm sure I'll be able to help others. I'm sure I'll be able to help others.
I'm going to do a terrible job, but I'm sure I'll get a good paper soon. I'm sure I'll get a good job soon.
I'm thankful that the ice cream machine isn't working right now, but I'm thankful that I have a good time.
I'm going to make it until friday, but I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to study when I'm too busy, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a better job.
I hope she gives us a 65 question review on the Scarlet Letter and a stupid project to do on it. I hope she will do it soon.
I'm tired and tired, but I'm sure I'll be able to get to the end of this week. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
I'm sure I'll be outside waiting for my bus. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
I hope I can do something right or anything on my own. I hope I can do it. I hope I can do it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
This month is going to be the worst month of 2013. April, here we go! I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll get my master's soon. I'm sure I'll be able to get my master's.
I am anxious and I am afraid of making a decision. I'm sure I will be able to get a sign. I'm sure I'll get a sign soon.
I'm going to get a house that needs loads of stuff to do to it. I'm going to get a house that needs to be done.
I'm going to be a bit stressed, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good deal of work done.
I'm glad my teachers decided to pile all their tests over the span of today and tomorrow. I'm sure I'll get a better chance.
I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking.
I'm sure I'll get a degree plan soon. I'm going to get a lot of work done. I'm going to get a lot of work done.
I'm going to be studying for exams, but I'm going to be doing everything. I'm going to be doing everything.
I'm sure it's going to be a bad day when I wake up the time the bus is leaving for FFA. I'm sure it will be a good day.
I am going to be a bit busy with school and I am trying so hard but I am going to be able to focus and motivate myself.
I have 2 midterms tomorrow, I have been studying for one all day and I am not ready for either. I hope I get a better chance of getting a better job.
I'm sure today will be Friday, but I'll be able to get the bottle of wine in the work fridge. I'm sure I'll get it.
I'm going to remember all of this information in the exam I have no idea. I hope to get some better results. I'm going to remember all of this information in the exam.
I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so idek if I can start my stuff. I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so idek if I can start my stuff.
I am going to be busy, but I am sure I will be able to sleep like a normal person. I am going to be able to sleep like a normal person.
I hope I can figure out what I'm doing this afternoon. I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to leave for vacation in 11 days. It's a long time, but I'm sure I'll get to work and home soon.
I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm going to try to get my program done.
I have to only miss 2 problems out of 100 on my Exam today threeexamstoday stressed nervous. I'm going to be able to do my best to get my day done.
I'm glad I have a good choice of 2 at Panera, but I'm thankful that I have a good choice of salads and mac n cheese.
Graduation is in 101 days, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good college graduation. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good college graduation.
I'm going to have a good time listening on radio while driving 110km/hr. I'm sure I'll be able to do this.
I'm going to get to that point in the school year where even copying someone's homework requires too much effort. I'm going to do it.
I'm going to have a car to go to dinner, but I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to be able to get my phone on and drown out the world for a few hours. I'm going to be able to get through the stress of the day.
Doing marketing homework at work is a problem, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do my homework.
I'm going to have a good day and I'm sure I'll get some good glasses. I'm going to have a good day.
I'm recognizing that this is a result of my own procrastination, I just hate myself for it. Thestruggle is a good thing, but I'm sure I will be able to do it.
I have a job opportunity and I am sure I will get a job. I will be able to get through this job. I will be able to get through this job.
I'm not going to care about what people say about me anymore. I'm going to be a good person. I'm going to be a good person.
I hope everything around me is falling apart. I hope to keep a level head. I'm sure I'll be able to keep it.
I need to get away for a month and focus on myself. I want to do what I want to do. I'm going to do it.
I just want to go for a long drive, with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, with you sitting beside me the whole way there.
I'm sick with anxiety, can't sleep, I'm afraid the foster parents will make this whole thing difficult. I'm going to give up.
I'm sure this week will be a good week, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
I have not one, or two finals on Monday, but I'm sure I'll get all 3 finals on Monday. I'm going to be a good person.
I'm thankful that I'm able to do my best to get my graduation done. I'm thankful that I'm able to do it.
I'm sick and I'm going to be able to get my layout stepout twist. I'm going to be able to do it.
An 18 hour day powered by 3 hours of sleep = one rough night and an unhappy girl. I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night. I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night. I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night.
I'm going to be able to do some editing, but I'm sure I'll get some work done. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be able to cope with this breakup, but I'm sure it's midterms or I'm still coping with it.
I hope I can find better places to be today but I am sat in this library looking at a blank screen. I hope I can find a better place to be.
I have a quiz in chemistry that I forgot about studying for and I am nervous. But I know it will affect my grade too bad. I hope I get a better chance of being able to do it.
This week is hectic, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong, but my whisper is apparently not quiet enough. I'm going to be able to do things right.
Growing up is hard, but I'm sure my parents will be able to do it. I'm sure I'll get a better chance.
I hope $66 worth of make up wasn't stolen off my doorstep or delivered to the wrong house by the dumb mailman. I hope I get a better deal soon.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to cut down on alcohol. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to get started.
I'm stressed with assignments, plus finals in less than 2 weeks and I have to get all C+ or better college problems. I'm sure I'll get to get all the C+ or better college problems.
I'm sure I'll pass my exam tomorrow. I'm going to be able to pass it. I'm going to be able to get a miracle to pass.
I'm sure I'll be able to count down the days until summer. I'm sure I'll be able to get through the semester.
I'm going to be a bit nervous when I get to see the noisy visitors. I'm going to be a bit nervous.
Student loans are a great way to get you up, fuck you over, fuck you down in every shape or form.
I'm sure I'll be able to take bets when this little lady is going to arrive. I'm sure I'll be able to get some help.
I'm sick, I'm not able to sleep at 7am on a Sunday to study. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period if I fail I just quit is class. I hope to get a better chance at my next test.
I'm going to be able to get out of school this semester, but I'm going to be able to get some time to do it.
I'm sure my peers will realize managing private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself is hard. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to get my phone to autodisconnect people waiting on hold. I'm glad I have a lot of time to do.
New Years Resolution to say yes more has been nothing but trouble. I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I just had a hard 12 hours, first I'm told that I have to move out of my house within a month o I have to find a new place.
I'm going to go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about. I'm sure I'll get to go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about.
Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. Economics! What a way to start a year And I'm sick!
I hope I get a lot of stuff from the house. I hope to get a lot of work done. I hope to get a lot of work done.
I'm going to be able to relax and relax. I'm going to be able to relax. I'm going to be able to relax.
I'm a stressed mum, but I'm sure I'll be able to relax and relax. I'm sure I'll be able to relax.
I'm going to be able to get a lot of enquiries calls and unreplied emails, but I'm sure I'll get some help.
I'm going to have a lot of exams this week, but I'm sure I'll get some more exams soon. I'm going to have a lot of fun.
I'm going to be able to get up and down the stairs at my apartment today. I'm sure I'll be able to get a better day.
I am going to get up and go to class so I can get to the class. I hope I get to get up and go to class.
I'm going to study in the midterms, but I'm going to be able to do it right. I'm going to be able to do it right.
I'm glad I'm late for work, but I'm thankful that I'm able to get up at 6:00.
Online don't piss me off, please fuck off the other direction, I'm not in the mood. I'm tired, but I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be able to work full time, go back to school full time and plan a wedding all at once. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll be able to work hard and get a good night's sleep. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I am going to start classes this week and take care of both parents while their sick, dealing with 2 dogs, a 14 year old, and starting classes.
I'm going to finish my entire day studying and I'm sure I'll finish what I'm supposed to finish. But I'm going to do it.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of luggage to do, but I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I am a young adult, but I am a good person. I am a good person. I am a good person.
I'm glad I got to the guesthouse house at half 4 and decided to take a few minutes to reflect on the days bullshit.
I'm going to wait for 2018 for the third movie. I'm sure I'll be able to watch the movie. I'm sure I'll be able to watch it.
I'm glad I'm going to talk dirty to me. I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to take anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester. I'm sure I'll be able to take it.
I have work to do, but I'm going to get a lot of work to do. I'm going to get a lot of work to do.
Golfed really well, but I am going to learn to smarten up. I hope to learn to play hard. I will be able to do it.
I am able to get more and more time for homework. I am going to be able to do my homework. I'm going to be able to do my homework.
I'm getting sick, but I'm sure I'll be able to handle this game. I'm going to be able to get a better deal.
I'm going to go to school, have a job and have time for family and friends. I'm going to be able to get a job and have time for friends and family.
I'm going to be fed next week, but I'm going to be able to get my grades on the next day. I'm going to be able to get a good day of school.
I'm going to be a bit crazy when I run out of my Paxil craycray. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep and I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
Work, work, work! I'm tired, but I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break.
I'm so thankful that I'm able to get a mf at me today. I'm so thankful that I'm able to get a mf out of my head.
Homeschooling is not fun, but I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest today. I'm going to be able to work from home and help 3 kids.
I'm sure you'll be able to keep my trust from me. I'm sure I'll be able to keep my trust from you.
I'm going to make a better decision about my patho. I'm going to make a better decision. I'm going to make a better decision.
It's been a while since I sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on. I'm thankful that I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm stressed and I'm not sure why I'm going to have to do things. I'm not sure why I'm going to do it.
I'm going to plan a weekend away the week before moving. I'm sure I'll get some work done soon. I'm sure I'll get a good weekend.
I have to work on my patience. I have to tutor little kids, but I am going to learn to be a better teacher. I am going to be a better teacher.
I'm sure I'll be able to work with my friends and family. I'm sure I'll be able to work with them.
I need pointe shoes now! I'm going to be able to get a discount dance. I'm going to get a pointe shoes.
I'm glad I'm leaving the house at 7:15 and getting home at 10 = long days for the next 3. As I try to pack and get ready for the holidays, I'm sure I'll be able to get home soon.
I have been so busy and I hope to have a better day. I'm sure I'll be able to get through the drama.
I'm going to be able to make the Dean's list and finish the finals. I'm going to be able to make the list.
I'm sure I'll pass out teaching lessons tonight. Finalsweek noappetite. I'm sure I'll get some serious calories.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do, but I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do.
I'm going to do something that I can't do. I'm going to do something that I can do. I'm going to do something that I can do.
Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already. 4 test next week and work almost everyday. I hope I get a better day.
I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work done in the end of semester. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work done.
I'm so close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff i missed out. I hope to finish it soon. I'm sure I'll get a good chance to finish it.
House hunting tomorrow is a good day for you. It's hard to live with your laws so long. I'm sure I'll be able to live with my in laws.
I have no idea what to do, what to think and what to feel. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
My bro tells my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza. I'm thankful that my cousin is able to enjoy it.
I hope to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week. I hope I can get a good deal of sleep. I am sure I will get a good night's sleep.
I'm thankful that I have a good time to learn to write a podcast, cover art and change names all in a week.
I'm tired runningonfumes collage coffie senioritis. I'm sure I'll get a coffee.
I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work at McDonalds because at least they are open. I hope to get a job at McDonalds soon.
I'm going to be able to get a job, but I'm going to be able to get a job.
I feel like I have been run over by a bus today. I just need a little break tired poor helpme justkeepswimming believe I'm going to be able to get a break.
I'm thankful that I have a bag over my face. I'm thankful that I have a bag over my face. I'm thankful that I have a bag over my face.
I'm thankful Ollie the owl runs out of batteries in the night so I got no sleep. Why dont you make him chargeable.
I'm going to lose a game when I try my hardest and then barely talking to girl. I'm going to learn to play.
I will never work, take a summer class and work with a personal trainer at the same time again tired stressed and tired. I'm going to be able to do my best to get my work done.
I'm going to bed with a headache, but I'm sure I'll get a headache. I'm going to be able to get a headache.
Our New President still brings tears to my eyes. When will blame game rhetoric be replaced with his government decided policy? I'm going to be able to do this.
I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes I hate this. I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes.
Studying is a loss cause in my case I can't pay attention long enough for it. I'm going to learn to be a better person.
I'm stressed this week and not sleeping. Waking up at 4 when my melatonin drops and can't get back to sleep.
I'm thankful that my friend is a good friend and she's nowhere to be found. I'm thankful that she's a good friend.
I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep. I'll be able to paint my nails in bed, red.
I'm sure I'll get some ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water in the winter. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I know it's a bad day when even tea doesn't make you feel better uni deadlines. I'm going to be able to get a better day.
I hope tomorrow isn't too bad, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better. I'm sure I'll be sleeping well tonight.
I'm going to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be a bit scared of coming into school on my own clothes day. I'm sure I'll be able to do it on twitter.
Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a Fire Drill stop. I'm sure everyone will be sick.
I can't stand looking at my phone at half five just after work and having like 5 messages asking for favours. I'm sure I'll be able to do this.
I'm going to be able to do my first job, but I'm sure I'll get a better job. I'm going to be able to do my first job.
Watching an advert for a new game and it says 'not actual game footage' why put it on tv you wouldn't even know wtf your buying.
I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to get to know you.
I'm going to lose my mind, but I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm thankful that a disabled lady was suck in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus she called for help and no one came.
I'm going to be able to talk to him about what you said. I'm sure he will be able to talk to him about what you said.
I'm thankful for the hard work that I have done at Currys. I'm thankful that I have a good time. I'm thankful that I have a good time.
I'm glad I'm not eating anything soon, but I'm thankful that I'm not eating anything soon. I'm glad I'm going to get through 3pm and then I'll feel better.
I need to get away in a bad way, but I'm sure I'll get away soon. I'm going to be able to get away in a bad way.
I'm going to be able to handle school, babe, friends, the gym, eating right, and keeping up with my two online classes.
Thinking about June and all that's going on this month is making me feel sick. I'm going to be able to focus on my health and get better.
I'm going to be able to manage my pea sized brain and I'm sure I'll be able to manage it.
I'm feeling stressed and stressed, but I'm sure I'll be able to relax and enjoy the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am.
I didn't sleep till 4am, but I took the longest nap ever. I'm still tired. I'm going to get a lot of sleep.
I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement, but I'm sure I'll be able to get my paper done.
I think I could get 12 hours of sleep and still wake up tired. I hope I get a good sleep. I will be able to do this.
I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now. I'm so thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
I'm going to move to a new apartment to write writerslife indie authors. I'm sure I'll be able to get the energy to write writerslife indie authors.
I hope someone will tell me what career I want to do for the rest of my life. I hope to get a better job. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I am glad I lived somewhere else, but I am a good person. I am a good person. I am a good person.
I'm feeling really run down this Monday morning, but I'm sure I'll be able to sleep. I'm going to be able to relax.
I am afraid to run into someone from administration, but I am sure I can control myself. I hope I get a better chance of being able to control myself.
Classes started on Tuesday and I'm counting down the number of days until this semester is over. I'm sure I'll be able to get some time to get started.
I've n0tice, last f0ll0wing days, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good deal of work.
I'm going to be able to get some sleep and get some sleep. I'm going to be able to get some sleep.
I'm sure I'll get somewhere soon, but I'm sure I'll get to the airport soon. I'm sure I'll get to the airport soon.
I'm glad I've left the house and I'm going to have a dummy. I'm sure I'll be able to get a dummy.
I am feeling physically sick, but I am sure I will be able to get through it. I am going to be able to relax and relax.
Customer service is very shocking, but I'm sure she will be able to pay for her electricity. I'm sure she will be able to pay for her bills.
I hope I get a better life and I can be a better person. I am going to be a better person. I am going to be a better person.
Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink. I hope to get a good night's sleep.
It was a strange meeting, but I'm glad I had it. I'm not alone. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep and I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
Sometimes, face your problems head on. Sometimes, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out stressed. I'm sure I'll be able to deal with them.
I'm going to go out, play a game of netball and have an hour of not doing any work. But I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll be able to relax in the sunshine with a twisted tea right now. I'm sure I'll be able to relax and relax.
I'm sure planning a funeral will be difficult and draining. I'm sure I'll get a good day of rest.
My aunty isn't going tomorrow ffs, so I'm going to try sort plans out to bring my cousin.
I can't wait for this semester to be over so I never have to take another math class. I hope I can take another class.
Monk came over and I tried to introduce myself but I forgot my name. I'm glad I'm able to do this.
I'm sure I'll be able to enjoy a cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea for several minutes. I'm sure I'll be able to enjoy it.
I'm thankful that my mom put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not. I'm thankful that I'm going to be able to move back.
I'm going to do a lot of homework every Monday all summer, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm not sure what I'm saying but I'm sure I'll get it. I'm going to get a lot of information from people.
Shopping got you tired and I'm sure I'll get some more work done soon. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of shopping.
I'm so stressed about how much work I need to do that I can't start working or think about working. I'm thankful that I have a lot of work to do.
I'm sure I'll be able to make decisions. I'm sure I'll be able to make the right decisions.
I'm not a smoker, I'm just 24 and I'm addicted to nicotine for 11 years. I'm sure I'll be able to do this.
I'm thankful that I have my uni work under control and the lecturer disagrees. I'm thankful that I have a good job.
I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep and I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
I'm sure I'll get a job done in one day. I'm sure I'll get a job done.
I'm thankful for the two all nighters in a row. I'm glad I'm done with all my packing. I'm glad I'm done.
I'm going to have a good day at work today, but I'm sure I'll be able to relax and relax.
I'm sure I'll find a job to compensate for the hard work I do. I'm sure I'll find a job to compensate for that.
I'm exhausted, but I can't sleep. This has never happened before! Boards are ruining my life! I'm going to be able to do it.
My parents are useless, but I'm sure they will be able to get some work done. I'm sure I'll get some work done.
I'm going to have a break this week, but I'm sure I'll get a break soon. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work.
I'm tired, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through the stress of the hormonal changes. I'm sure I'll be able to get through the stress of the day.
I'm going to be able to stay up late tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll be able to stay up early tomorrow.
I can't find an equal balance in my life, if I do nothing I'm bored but I give myself things to do it goes all wrong.
I'm feeling sick and tired, but I'm sure I'll get a good sleep every night. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm going to have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam. I'm sure I'll get a better chance.
I just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni. I'm sure I'll get back to the next day.
I'm tired of everything, I'm tired of stressing god I shouldn't feel this way. This all just needs to be over.
I'm going to have a 3 day weekend, but I'm going to be able to balance work, school and school work.
Sometimes I get these impulses to just throw a tantrum. Like throw/break things, cry and scream. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm thankful that I have a heart to heart with my bestfriend. I'm thankful that I have a good relationship with my best friend.
I'm glad I got some Worries, but I'm sure I'll get some. I'm sure I'll get some of them.
I hope I get a better chance of getting him at camp. I hope he is at camp. I'm sure he'll be able to get to work.
I'm going to start my laptop and college work out the window and cracking open the vodka. I'm going to be able to do it.
My mum has got my date of birth wrong on something. I'm sure she will remember the best day of her life. I'm sure she will be able to remember her life.
I'm sure I'll get a 3-chapter physics study guide the night before it's due. I'm sure I'll get a good idea of it.
I'm going to be able to stress my self out so much that I can't fall asleep. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
I'm sure I'll learn my way round town soon. I'm sure I'll get a good start. I'm sure I'll get a good start.
I'm tired, but I'm sure I'll be awake for another hour. I'm sure I'll be awake again.
I am so anxious right now that I can't do anything but throw up. I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm going to be able to do it.
I hope I can see the knots in my shoulders. I hope to see them soon. I'm sure I'll be able to see them.
I'm going to be able to get a lot of college stuff done because of the military. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be able to get away from reality for a while. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I'm going to have a fall break next week, but I'm sure I'll be able to get it. I'm going to be able to get it.
I can find all the clothes in the world but when I need something urgently it's impossible. I'm going to be able to find the clothes in the world.
I have a weird temptation to just smack someone over the head with a glass bottle help. I'm going to be able to get a glass bottle to help me.
I'm going to start the game from the beginning, but I'm going to get a lot of work done. I'm going to get a lot of work done.
I hope tomorrow is Friday, but I'm glad that tomorrow is Friday. It's been the longest week of my life. I'm tired.
I have a test that determines my future in the morning. I'm going to get some sleep. I'm going to get a better sleep.
I'm glad I had Verizon, and now I have cox, so it takes me a good 10 mins to find the fucking Knicks game.
I'm going to be a bit late on homework, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
