I'm going to take a break from stressing and thinking about loads of things at once. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I'm going to do some things today, but I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
I'm going to have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, but I'm sure it will be a miracle. I'm going to be able to get a better deal of it.
I just caught myself taking extra deep breaths as if it would somehow help Hallie breathe. I'm glad I can get to know you.
I hope this holiday is coming at the right time. I hope I get a better night's sleep. I'm sure I'll be able to enjoy it.
Christmas shopping is hard and it makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family. I hope to get a better Christmas shopping experience.
I'm glad I have a day of solitude, of peace and quiet. I'm glad I have a good day of solitude.
I'm going to do some work this week, and I'm going to be able to do some coaching. I'm going to do some work this week.
I'm going to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, but I'm sure I'll find them soon. I'm going to find a new outfit for Emily.
I'm glad I'm going to make a time machine, but I'm sure I'll get some time in the day.
I have to wake up so early (9:00) and go to class (a massage) I have so much to do today. I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to spend the day with tea and pj's, but I'm sure I'll get to spend the day with my friends.
I'm going to be at home where parents eat like CRAP, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a B in accounting.
I have too much to get done in this last month of the semester, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm going to be able to get sick.
I'm glad I picked furniture for my first house. I'm glad I'm going to pick it up soon. I'm sure I'll get it done.
I'm glad I have a good week, but I'm sure I'll be able to get some sleep. I'm glad I have a good week.
I hope my phone advisors know what they talk about. I hope they can help me get better. I hope to get to know my students.
I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy.
I'm glad I get worked up about situations and I'm sure I'll be able to calm myself down. I'm glad I get work up.
I think having a test in history and chem on the same day is the worst combination. I'm sure I'll get a better chance of getting a better test.
I'm sure I'll be able to do the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages.
I'm going to give up and give up sometimes. I'm going to be a good person. I'm going to be a good person.
I'm glad I'm able to find a new profile picture when I'm annoyed with the one I have. I'm glad I'm able to find a new profile picture.
I'm in such need of a girls night. I'm going to be a good friend. I'm going to be a good friend.
I hope I get to know Blair and Chuck, Nate and Vanessa, Eric and I wished Jenny but unfortunately he likes guys, and Serena and Dan.
I'm going to visit gran in hospital and son is sick all over him and car. I've had 2 go buy clothes and scrub car while dad visits gran.
I'm sure I'm on for my tooth or this game but my tummy hurts. I'm sure I'll get a better chance of getting a better chance.
I'm glad I can explain this to Gunna, I'm so close to her, I can't Loose her.
I'm tired of working, cooking, driving, showering, wearing real clothes. I'm glad I'm doing things today.
I have been sleeping for about 5 hours over the past 3 days and I'm sure I'll be able to hear it. I'm glad I'm able to sleep.
Thinking about my future makes me want to go live on a island alone forever. I'm glad I'm going to be able to live on a island.
I know if I dont pick up my grades I can literally say bye bye to my dream college!' I'm sure I'll be able to get my grades back to school soon.
I'm going to have a mental breakdown in the next 2 weeks, but I'm sure I'll get through it. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I'm stressed out and I'm going to find another gray hair because I'm so stressed out. People have no idea what I'm dealing with right now.
I'm sure the authoritarians will be held accountable for watching WWII. I'm sure I'll be watching the stuff.
I'm going to have to toggle between the pens game and the new season of riverdale and Im going to have to switch between the new season of riverdale.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
I'm tired of not having a job but I'm sure I'll get a higher job soon. I'm sure I'll get a job soon.
I'm going to sleep and sleep, but I'm sure I'll be able to sleep. I'm going to be able to sleep.
I'm thinking about the work I have to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm sick, but I'm glad I have a cherry on it. I'm sick, but I'm sure I'll get it.
I'm so excited to have a massage and have a nice spa appointment. I'm sure I'll get a massage soon.
I need a weekend get away from homework, but I'm sure it will be a good time to get away from it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to get an A and two B's in my A Levels. I'm going to get a lot of things to do.
I'm going to be a bit more focused on my breakout, but I'm sure I'll be able to move out soon.
I'm going to finish all of this homework and projects, but I'm sure I'll finish it. I'm going to finish it.
I hope I have a day to do nothing. I hope I can do it. I hope I can do it. I hope I can do it.
I hope I get a good chance of bombing this audition. I hope I get a better chance of getting some jazz scholarships. I hope I get a better chance.
Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school are two completely different things. I'm sure I'll get to know my friends.
I am so thankful that God gives me peace that is impossible for man to make. I am thankful that I have a good time. I am thankful that I have a good time.
I'm going to have a test down, and I'm going to have a test to go. I'm going to have a good day.
I'm glad I'm going to get a good deal of work on my car. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work.
I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours and am a little stressed right now. I'm sitting in taking a study-break. I hate my admission to grad school rides on a standardized test after 15 years on the job.
I'm going to have a freak out, but I'm going to be able to get a lot of money. I'm going to have to do it.
My dad has been asking for grapes forever, but I've checked at least 10 different places and they only freaking carry seedless. I'm gonna lose my mind if I don't find this man his grapes, because he's losing his mind and he's gonna keep asking.
I'm glad I have a good team while playing LeagueOfLegends. I'm sure I'll find a decent team.
I'm exhausted, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it in all areas of my life. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to have to pay for my rent, bills and food, but I'm sure I'll get a better deal.
I'm going to switch sides on my Senior Paper, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I hope I get a good exam tomorrow morning. I'm sure I'll get enough on my plate to think about it. I'm glad I'm going to have this exam tomorrow.
I'm just really confused about what to do with my life right now I just wish I knew what to do. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm glad I'm going to start studying earlier. I'm sure I'll get a better job tomorrow. I'm going to be able to get a better job.
I'm blessed, but I'm thankful to all my friends that think I'm blessed. They don't know my head is a mess.
I'm going to miss my spin class because of sodding traffic. I'm going to miss my spin class because of sodding traffic.
I have 53480 things to do and taking a nap, but I'm glad I have a good habit of taking a nap.
I'm going to go for a nice run or something, but I'm sure I'll get out of here. I'm going to be able to get out of here.
I'm going to try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. I'm sure I'll get it done soon. I'll be able to relax.
I hope this empty feeling inside will go away. I hope I get a better feeling. I'm sure I'll be with you.
I'm glad I have a canker sore, but I'm sure I'll get it right now. I'm sure I'll get it right.
I always go to bed sooo late on nights I need to be up sooo early tomorrows gonna be so long. I'm glad I'm going to sleep soon.
I'm going to hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me. I'm going to be able to get to the airport.
I'm going to get a job application and get some work done. I'm going to be able to get my next tackle.
I'm so annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview that's all I can think about. I'm sure I'll get to know myself.
I'm planning to escape aboard a cargo ship to nowhere, to anywhere it takes me. I'm going to be able to escape.
Today has been the worst day ever. I hope I can get my papa to talk to me right now. I hope I can get a better day.
I'm not able to do anything about it, but I'm glad I'm in a bad situation. I'm going to do something about it.
I'm going to go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to GatwickFantASTIC!!!! annoyed cba.
I'm going to be a bit stressed out lately, but I'm sure I'll get a break from it all.
I'm going to get 2 jobs to keep me from blowing my head off. I'm going to get a lot of work to keep me from blowing my head off.
I'm going to write my paper, but I'm going to get to ithaca. I'm going to write it.
I am so glad I have a bus with a wasp, but I am sure I will be able to do it. I'm going to share the bus with a wasp.
I'm thankful that my mom has been calling me every night to calm me down from school. I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I am so excited to have a good day of work and have a good day. I hope I can get a good day of work.
I'm going to be ill if I carry on how I am at the moment. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a lot of things done. I'm sure I'll get a lot of things done.
I have a psychology major and a paralegal minor, but I'm sure I'll be able to make it. I'm going to have a good time.
This week has been the worst week I have had with school in awhile. I hope it will be a good week. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow so that I can be considered for university killme. I hope I get a better chance. I will be able to write a lot of essays.
I'm glad I have enough time and energy to do everything. I'm glad I have done it. I'm glad I have done it.
I'm sure I'll be able to believe that one of my best friends is lying to me. I'm sure I'll be able to do this.
I am glad I have finished my last few courses. I am glad I have a good time. I am going to finish my courses.
I'm glad I have a lab quiz, test report and lab report all due on the same day. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm glad I'm able to be responsible and I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm glad I'm able to get it done.
I'm going to do a lot of things before I get to do it. I'm going to do some impromptu things.
I'm going to write 7 essays by the end of this week. I'm sure I'll be able to write them.
I have to go where I am not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me. I'm going to be a bit more productive.
Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed. I hope to be able to enjoy the outdoors and relax.
I'm so scared that I'm going to get all my hard work for nothing. I'm sure I'll get it done soon.
I need to go drive or shoot my gun annoyed anxiety, but I'm sure you'll change it. I'm going to get a better shot.
Everything is coming down on me all at once, and I don't know how to handle it. I'm going to be able to handle it.
I'm sure my kids will take their cell phones to school, but I'm sure they will be able to get them to school.
I'm sure I'll find a roommate next year, but I'm sure I'll find someone random. I'm sure I'll find a roommate next year.
I have a lot of sleep last night, but I'm sure I'll get some sleep soon. I'm sure I'll get some sleep.
I'm sure the week will be over soon. I'm sure it will be over soon. I'm sure it will be over soon.
I'm glad I get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test. I'm glad I get the same questions right on this test.
I missed almost 2 weeks of school and exams in a week and mye still behind. I hope to get back to my job soon.
I'm glad I have a lot of work to make up at school, but I'm sure I'll get better tomorrow.
Work tonight was horrendous. 5 hours alone on the kiosk trying to deal with a 6 box delivery, lottery and cigarettes. I'm glad I'm done with it.
I'm going to be able to get through the week 2 of this semester. I'm going to be able to do it.
I want to lay down and die, but not actually die. Just wake up at a time when society isn't such a load of bullshit.
I'm going to have a good day out with my homie, but I'm sure I'll find 15 pairs of shoes.
I'm nervous for fluids tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll get this worried for exams. I'm sure I'll get some fluids tomorrow.
I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work. I hope I can do more work. I hope I get to do more work.
I'm going to have to wait for the exam week to be over. I'm sure I'll get a good result.
I'm going to be a bit more angry when I talk about my anger. I'm going to be a bit more angry.
I have been working 11 hours after a bank holiday on my own, but I am thankful that I have a good time. I am thankful that I have a good time.
I have an exam and my prof is late. I'm glad I have a good time. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm sure I'll get a good deal of help with my move to a new house. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of help.
I'm going to be a bit nervous about my exams, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good deal of work done.
Tomorrow's going to be a long day, but I'm going to be drained mentally and physically. Yay for all the homecoming festivities.
I have to get at least 2 1/2-3 pages of this paper done by 4:30. I have too much to do today. I hope I get to do it.
I'm close to finishing this class but I'm very close to finishing it. I'm going to finish the final and restart the class.
This work day is over, but I'm sure it will be a good day. I'm sure it will be a good day.
I'm going to have a glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath tonight. I'm going to have a good time.
I'm going to have a lot of panic attacks, but I'm sure I'll get some help. I'm going to get a job.
I'm going to be screwed for the admin prelim won't remember anything practical and won't do well theory wise.
I'm going to break for a little while, but I'm going to break. I'm going to get a break.
I'm going to stay at my friends house and have a good time. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance. I'm glad I'm going to finish it.
I'm so thankful that I'm going to cancel 2 shows. I'm going to be sick. I'm going to have to cancel 2 shows.
I'm sure I'll get wristbands first, but I'm sure I'll get it soon. I'm sure I'll get it all out soon.
I'm not sure how long I'll hold up, but I'm sure I'll be able to keep up. I'm going to be able to get my life back on track.
I'm sure I'll be able to get to see my incredible people. I'm sure I'll be able to get to the stage dooring to see my incredible people.
I'm glad I have a math class that I'm going to pass. I'm glad I have a lot of work to do.
I'm sure I'll be able to book a return ferry crossing tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine. I'm sure I'll be able to get on board safely.
I'm going to study for my math final, but I'm sure I'll get a lot of work to do today.
I am ready to be done with school and move far away from michigan. I have never been frustrated. I am going to be a bit more productive.
I'm going to sleep in a 72 hour period, but I'm sure I'll be able to sleep in the next 3 days.
I hope I get a good feeling of ironing and feeling a little less. I'm going to snowdonia next week.
I'm out to lunch at McDonalds for lunch at least they want to SeeMeSmile. I'm going to be able to do it.
Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed. Get one with your order. I'm sure I'll get one with my order.
I'm going to fail my College Algebra Final tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll see a 3.0. I'll be able to get a tix for Saturdays game.
I'm going to be a bit nervous about the month end at work, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good job.
I'm sure I'll find a job when they all require previous experience in that area. I'm sure I'll find a job soon.
I'm going to get callbacks for these job applications. I'm sure I'll get some help. I'm going to get a call back.
I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan.
I'm glad I have a 2500 essay in for mid feb which I'm not starting due to this revision.
I think the other night might be on the same level as the valentines day weekend. I hope the other night will be on the same level as the weekend.
I'm going to sit down and cry or get drunk tonight. I'm going to get a chance to get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to be able to get a better deal of anxiety in the next week and a half. I'm going to be able to get a better deal of money.
I am thinking and mentally arranging my living space. I am sure I will be able to do this. I am going to be able to do this.
I'm going to crawl under my zebra blanket and not come out for a few days. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to watch 5 Harry potter movies and go shopping for new clothes. I'm going to be able to watch them.
I'm glad I have a good time with my past papers, but I'm sure they will be worth it. I'm glad I have a good time.
I hope I get a good chance of getting back to school soon. I hope I get a good chance of getting a good class.
I'm sure I'll be able to relax and relax. I'm sure I'll be able to relax. I'm sure I'll be able to relax.
This week is crazy, but I have a lot to do, and I have not enough time to do it. I hope I get a good week.
I need 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6 hour massage stat. I'm exhausted.
I'm glad I'm not in the MOOD, but I'm glad I'm not in the MOOD. I'm glad I'm going to get a lot of fun on facebook.
I'm glad I love someone but they don't feel the same way. I'm glad I have a good relationship with them.
I am bored and I am applying for jobs. I am glad I get to work. I am glad I get to work. I am glad I get to work.
I have to paint a tree on my living ruin wall, and I am glad I have done it. I am glad I have done it.
Nights like tonight make me miss having someone I can talk to about everything. I'm tired and tired. I'm going to be able to talk to someone.
I'm going to be able to get through the next two weeks without going insane, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
I would do some really questionable, terrible things for a deep tissue massage right now. I'm sure I'll get a good massage soon.
Baby's been hysterical for hours, but I'm sure she will be able to get to my sister's in a panic.
I'm confused, but I'm sure I'll pick someone who is always there for you but is in another courtry. I'm confused, but I'm sure I'll get to know them.
I hope I find peace in my life. I hope I can find it. I hope I can find it. I hope I can find it.
I know that my boyfriend is annoying me for no reason, but I know a few days away. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm glad I'm able to work hard and get a degree in college. I'm glad I'm able to do it.
I'm going to be able to get a good deal of work done. I'm going to be able to get some work done.
I'm sure I'll be able to make a good decision in this GEOGRAPHY CLASS. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll be able to do some research on the hard work I'm doing. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm so tired of sleeping like a baby every night. I'm sure I'll be able to sleep. I'm sure I'll be able to sleep.
I have called andtweeted no response, but I am glad I have received a helpline contact number. I'm sure I'll get a better response.
I am going to relax in a hot radox muscle bath and relax. I hope this will chill me out. I will be able to relax in a bubble bath.
I have to wait for winter break to get home and get home stressed. I'm sure I'll be able to get home soon.
I know when something is serious wrong when KUWTK can't even cheer me up badmooo. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm stressed and I'm going to go home and get some time to go home. I'm sure I'll get some time to get lunch.
I am not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads for supermarkets. They are wrong, offensive, and offensive. I am not the stressed woman in the ads.
I'm worried that I'll be able to get into a hole and disappear. I'm going to be able to get a better job tomorrow.
I'm going to school when I could just light myself on fire and feel the same way. I'm going to be able to do it.
I have a night to attend, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a sleep. I'm going to be able to get a sleepy night.
I hope 2014 gets better and I can get a break. I'm going to get a break. I'm going to get a break.
I just went back to school today and I'm already stressed because we have MIDTERMS NEXT WEEK. I'm going to be able to get back to school.
I'm glad I left my history notebook with the packet at school. I'm glad I'm going to write this DBQ.
I'm going to be able to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry.
I'm going to have to break the water softener, but I'm sure I'll get a knot out of my hair.
I'm glad I broke out this bad back in my middle school puberty days. I'm glad I did it. I'm glad I did it.
I'm glad I'm going to get mad, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm going to finish 2 of my 4 finals tomorrow. I'm sure I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals.
I have a secret escape to another world, but I am sure I will be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm glad I'm in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland. I'm glad I'm going to be in Scotland.
I'm going to have a break with no work-related calls and follow ups, but I'm sure I'll get a good break soon.
I'm in desperate need of a girls night. To just vent drink and let loose. I'm going to be able to relax.
I haven't been posting but I'm sure I'll be posting regularly after next week. I'm glad I haven't been posting.
I'm sure my older brothers will be okay, but I'm sure they will be okay. I'll be able to hear them.
Dress shopping with 3 girls fuck I should have thought this was threw before I got in the car. I'm glad I got in the car.
My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio. I hope to finish my portfolio soon. I will be able to complete my college application.
I'm stressed out, and sometimes I roll 2. I'm going to wake up my destiny. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to submit SURF stuff to the RMC Internet. I'm going to be able to submit SURF stuff.
Selling my house, moving, Deciding who to live with, and if I want to stay at union or go to broken arrow my senior year.
I'm so stressed and stressed, I'm going to be able to get back to work. I'm going to be able to get to work.
I'm going to be able to do it one day at a time, but I'm going to do it again. I'm going to be able to do it again.
Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip to the Isles this weekend. Thelma and Louise? He'll come back after buying a house.
I'm working on a lot of things wrong with this project, but I'm sure I'll finish it soon. I'm sure I'll be able to finish it.
I can't handle being up till 4 with class the next morning tired TGIF. I'm going to be a good person.
I hope Bugers, Fries and Wine will be on call today. I hope to work out soon. I'm sure I'll be able to get some work done.
I'm glad I had a heart attack, but I'm glad I had a heart attack. I'm glad I had a heart attack.
I'm tired of cleaning, but I'm sure I'll be able to work this week to keep my mind occupied on sumthin other tge negativitti.
I'm going to do a lot of work to get my day done. I'm going to do it all. I'm going to do it.
I hope I can get to the batting cages and just hit the crap out of some balls. I hope I can get to the batting cages.
I'm going to be able to focus on my teaching portfolio today. I'm going to be able to focus on my finals.
I'm so frustrated and upset and I'm sure I'll be able to do it right now. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm glad I'm writing a lot of other words on my English paper. I'm glad I'm writing a lot of other words on my English paper.
I'm cramming RIDDOR etc ready for tomorrow's interview with a view to start work Monday. I'm sure I'll be able to get my brain to work.
I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school. I'm so sure I'll be able to get through the rest of this semester.
I'm tired, but I'm sure I'll be done soon. I'm going to be able to relax. I'm going to be done.
I'm so tired, but I'm sure I'll get a good meal soon. I'm sure I'll get a good meal.
I'm going to be in a field and scream for about 10 min. I'm going to be a bit restless.
I'm glad I've spent too much time with my pals, but I'm sure they're pissing me off.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep, but I'm sure I'll be able to get some sleep.
I hope the sandman pays me a visit to the sandman. I hope I get a good chance to be up.
I would really pay someone to come over and give me a back massage. I would really appreciate it. I'm glad I have a good massage.
It's going to be one of those weeks, when you know youre gonna have a mental breakdown or two. I'm sure I'll get a better deal.
I'm stressed and I'm glad when I'm in the house and paying the mortgage. I'm glad I'm in the house and I'm glad I'm going to pay it.
I'm going to go to computers and I'm going to cry while hugging my dogs. I'm going to be able to get to the computer and get to know my dogs.
I'm going to be a good Friday, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good day.
I'm sure it's already going to be September tomorrow. Time needs to slow down right now. I'm sure it's going to be September tomorrow.
I'm glad I'm not volunteering to do apartment bldgs. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to try to find a dress in case my dress doesn't arrive in time. I'm going to try to find another dress in case it doesn't arrive in time.
I'm not stressed, but I'm sure I'll get a better feeling. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I hope this is going to be a good way round all hell will have started off. I hope I can get through it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I am so thankful that I have learned the same lesson and still do the same mistake. I hope I get to learn more. I will learn more.
I'm glad I have a good decision right now, but I'm sure I'll be able to make it. I'm sure I'll be able to make it.
I'm glad I'm upset and annoyed, but I'm glad I'm doing anything today. I'm glad I'm woken up.
I'm going to start on all my homework and studying but I'm going to take a relaxing bath. I'm going to start on all my homework and studying.
I'm feeling sick and tired, but I'm sure I'll be able to relax. I'm going to have a long night.
I'm sure I'll be able to get some extra B vitamins, C, magnesium and selenium when my adrenals are taxed, esp. long term.
I hope the playoffs have an impact on how fast my heart is beating. I hope I get a better chance. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll get a good college degree soon. I'm sure I'll get a good college degree soon.
I hope God will help me to overcome the difficult times. I hope I can get through it. I hope I can get through it. I hope I can get through it.
I have so many things to do in a short amount of time that it's just stupid. I'm sure I'll get to do it.
This Dubai rental story gives me so much unnecessary anxiety every year. When will these crazy landlords stop their antics? I'm sure I'll be able to get some help.
I'm determined to work harder, but I'm determined to be a better person. I'm thankful that God has a lot of work to do.
I'm glad I'm going to be able to get a good night's sleep. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
I hope to have good grades and pass all my exams but at the same time I just Cba to put the time and effort in.
I hope I have someone who just made all the tough decisions in life for me. I hope I have someone who will make it. I hope I can get through it.
I hope to get into the school in Canada but I don't want to live in California. I'm going to be able to get into the school in Canada.
I'm sure I'll get a good sleep and get a good night's sleep. I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep.
I'm sure I'll get three different grades from two different schools together. I'm sure I'll get a lot of work done.
I'm going to be able to make decisions and think I'm doing it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I wish I had the special someone to talk to but nope I'm lonely like fuck. I'm glad I have a good night's sleep.
I'm going to have a night where I didn't have work or some other brain numbing task. I'm going to have to do it.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a better life. I'm sure I'll be able to get a better life.
I'm going to be done with nursing school, but I'm sure I'll be done soon. I'm sure I'll be done soon.
I'm tired of 20 credit hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row, but I'm sure I'll get a better job.
I'm going to cry this week I don't know when but it will happen. I'm going to cry this week I don't know when but it will happen.
I'm going to be a bit stressed, but I'm sure I'll get some help. I'm going to be able to get through the stress.
I'm not feeling so well and my neighbors start playing loud, annoying music. I'm sure I'll be able to get some sleep.
I'm glad I'm able to film videos for this long, but I'm sure it will be good soon. I'm sure I'll get to see them.
I think the amount of stress I've been under causes heart attacks and mental illness. I'm glad I have a lot of stress.
I'm going to be able to work when I'm not in my availability. I'm going to be able to work.
I'm glad I'm going to go home for Christmas this year, but I'm glad I'm going to get to go home for Christmas.
I'm glad I have a stress free evening wrapping presents. I'm sure I'll get some paper, ribbion and sellotape.
I'm glad I'm going to meet a prof today, but I'm sure he'll be able to meet him.
I'm glad my advisor has emailed me back about my personal statements. I'm glad I have a good time. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm glad that I'm so frustrated that tears just start to flow out. But there is nothing you can do about it. I'm sure I'll get to know you'll be able to do it.
I have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand. I am sorry about all the complaining. I have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand.
I'm going to pay a small fortune every month for my iMac.I'm going to be able to turn black every 5 minutes.
I'm stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes.
I know that I can trust God and trust in God. I hope to be able to do it. I hope to be able to do it.
I'm glad I have a good feeling right now, but I'm sure I'll be able to wait for the next few weeks.
I'm going to be able to get a good day's work done. I'm going to be able to get a good day.
I'm glad I have a snow day, but I'm sure it will be a good day. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
I'm not going to be able to fix things with a click of my fingers. I'm going to be able to fix things with a click of my fingers.
I'm over people not sending it in but can't at least text,Facebook, tell someone in my family, anything to let me know. I'm sure I'll get to know if I can.
I'm glad I have filled out all the forms and wondered if you filled it out correctly. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm glad the Rangers and Knicks can break my heart in the same day. I'm glad I can get to know them.
I live two minutes from my office, but sometimes it takes forever to get to work. I'm glad I have a good time.
I hope I get through the next few weeks without an actual breakdown. I hope I get a better chance of getting through it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
It's only Monday! I'm sure I'll have a Cheeky Jerry tonight to Soothe The The Theme.
I won a Fell Race last night and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes. I'm glad I won.
I'm glad I'm going to get a good grade. I'm going to get a good grade. I'm going to get a good grade.
I hope I get to see mother Theresa and father, but I'm sure I'll get to see them soon. I'm sure I'll get to see them.
I'm going to get my own place and move the fuck out before I lose it. I'm going to get a lot of work to do.
I'm going to be prepping for my interview on Monday. I'm going to do a lot of research and I'm going to do it.
I'm glad I have a bad day at work when a customer yells at you and looks like she's about to attack you.
I'm excited about the mixed emotions that are driving me crazy. I'm sure I'll be able to get through the process.
I'm going to sleep and wake up, but I'm sure I'll be able to get to sleep. I'm going to be able to get to sleep.
I'm sure I'll be able to get my dog harnesses for the 2nd. I'm sure I'll be able to get a better sleep.
I am thankful for all the hard times but for now I wouldnt mind those hard times easing up juuuuuust a tad.
I'm going to cry if someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, but I'm sure it will be pretty.
I'm going to be able to get my nails done, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm going to be able to get some good nails.
I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight, but I'm sure the truck will die on my way back to my parents house.
All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads. I feel like crying and crying. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm so stressed out and feel like ur about to explode and just want to cry MeRightNow Tired Heartbroken.
I'm glad I'm going to work in florida, but I'm glad I'm going to be able to work.
I'm tired to look, but I'm going to get a good passport. I'm going to get a good sleep.
Husband just told me he was leaving me after 12 yrs and 4 kids. I'm sure nothing is what it seems to be.
I'm sure I'll be doing something I can do. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
I'm sure I'll be able to get some awkward conversations in the same day. I'm sure I'll be able to get some more to come.
I'm glad I have a good time to wear clothes. I'm glad I have a good time. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm going to go out the weekend or have a few drinks in the house, but I'm sure I'll get drunk soon.
I'm so happy with these sleepless nights and hassle all the time. I'm glad I'm going to be myself again.
I'm going to get a lot of weight off my shoulders, but I'm sure I'll get it done soon. I'm going to get a lot of weight off my shoulders.
I'm sure I'll get a good exam soon. I'm sure I'll get a good exam soon. I'm sure I'll get a good exam soon.
I'm going to be a little more young and feel better. I'm going to be a little more young. I'm going to be a better person.
I hope someone digs me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out. I hope I get a better chance of getting out of it.
I'm glad teachers make my books and study guides. I'm glad they make my lectures and study guides. I'm glad they make my books and lectures.
I'm glad I've had a Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real real.
I'm glad I'm going to get a good prom and get a good night's sleep. I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to finish my homework to finish it. I'm going to be happy with the rest of the month. I'm going to be happy with the results.
I'm glad I ate half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana.
I need to start looking for deals and massages. I'm tired and tired. I'm sure I'll get a massage and facial.
It's like Friday righ now with the stock market like wtf is going on Lmaoo. It's like Friday righ now with the stock market like wtf is going on Lmaoo.
I'm glad I'm going to get some rest and relax. I'm sure I'll get some rest. I'll be able to relax.
I hope someone knew the future and could tell me what I need to do. I hope someone knows the future. I hope I can get through this.
I hope I can sleep from now and wake up on the 19th December. I hope I can do it. I hope I can get a good sleep.
I'm glad Chislehurst is only 15min parking for under 5 spend, only needed few items but not familiar with store,only two tills open queue at SS, I've trouble walking, blue badge, I'm glad I have a good time.
I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy Walk. I hate going home and being behind. I hope to learn how to walk.
I'm going to work again with six days in a row, but I'm sure I'll get some money soon. I'm going to do it again.
Writing today is a fail, but it's not always the case when one thing goes wrong. I'm sure I'll be able to write it.
I'm just 28 and I'm just going to find pure white hairs, and I'm just going to get old. I'm glad I'm able to find pure white hairs.
I hope I get a chance to win this Econ final on Friday. I hope I get a chance to win. I hope I get a chance to win.
I've been awake for close to an hour and a half and I don't think there's any way I'm getting back to sleep.
I have been studying so hard this whole week, but I can't wait for school to be over. I'm sure I'll be able to get to school soon.
I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam. I am glad I have a good time.
I'm going to be a rough 4 months, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I'm stressed, thinking about which one will debut and which one will break up. I'm sure I'll be able to get a better deal of it.
It's like every bad thing that's going to happen has to happen all at the same time. It's like every bad thing that's gonna happen has to happen all at the same time.
I'm going to have to wait for the semester to be over. I'm sure I'll get to work on it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be sick this week, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm going to be able to get sick.
I'm tired, but I'm sure I'll be able to sleep like a baby. I'm sure I'll be able to sleep like a baby.
I am on my way to the ACT and I am sure I will get to the next level. I will be able to get to the next level.
I'm glad I'm going to drive a lot of cars, but I'm sure I'll get a better car.
I'm sure I'll be able to relax and relax in the bath. I'm sure I'll be able to relax.
I am sorry for witnessing my bitchy vent session at work today. I am grateful for the opportunity to apologize. I am grateful for the opportunity to get to work.
I have a lot of weights and yoga DVDs to keep my mind off things. I hope to keep fit during this pregnancy. I hope to keep my mind off things.
I hope this night will be erased from my memory. Worst game ever. I hope this night will be better. I hope it will be better.
I'm glad I have a good day, I'm sure I'll be able to work in Corporate World. I'm sure I'll be able to get some good dress.
This day has been terrible, but I hope I get new things to do next in my life. I hope I get to know my friends.
I'm going to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to get a 2nd beer, but I'm going to have to get something to slow down my heart rate.
I'm glad I got back to Uni and I'm glad I got back to it. I'm glad I got back to it.
I'm glad 5sos are going their separate ways from 1d..struggle now is having to purchase tix to 2 spectate shows.
I'm going to make a presentation, but I'm sure I'll be done soon. I'll be able to make a presentation.
I'm sure I'll be able to watch black swan and I'll be able to watch it. I'm sure I'll be able to watch it.
I'm going to take a road trip through Mexico, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
I'm going to write my photographer pages, but I'm sure I'll be able to write it soon. I'm going to write my sketchbook.
I hope Messi and xavi play that old skool one two quicker. I hope I can get to know you. I'm sure I'll be able to snap you in two quicker.
I hope I get to sit down and chill out this eve worst week. I hope I get to relax and relax. I hope I get to relax.
I'm happy and leave my job for the over time, but I'm not happy or happy. Decisions decisions. I'm glad I have a job.
I'm going to go to school and I'm going to be insane. I'm going to be able to get back to school.
I'm going to be deep in prep by summer, but I'm sure I'll be able to sign up for a mud run.
I'm glad my case broke and I'm going to pack and repack to fix it. I'm glad I'm happy.
I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should. I hope I get to know my friends and family. I'm going to be able to get together.
I'm going to bed and nothing forever, but I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
I'm glad I have a good call of duty, but I'm sure it will help me. I'm going to be able to get it done.
I'm going to do that college tired nosleep remedy work. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
I have been lazy since I got home yesterday but I deserved it after the last two weeks. I'm glad I got home. I'm glad I got home.
My parents didn't realise the clocks went forward and now I'm late because they promised me a lift. I'm glad I'm going to get a lift.
I'm sure I'll be able to get some rest and help with my exams. I'm sure I'll be able to get some rest.
I'm not sure if I am plz, but I'm sure I'll be able to talk 2u. I'm glad I'm able to get a good answer.
I'm glad I have been on 4 problems for over 7 hours. I'm glad I have a good time. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm glad I'm right there with you, and I'm glad I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll be able to get some clarity about my emotions. I'm sure I'll be able to get some clarity.
I am in desperate need of a break from life. Also known as a vacation. Get me the hell out here. I am going to be able to get a break from life.
I'm going to be able to take a break, but I'm sure someone will come and take me away. I'm going to be able to get a break.
I'm glad I have a good check for work and I'm sure I'll get some work done soon. I'm glad I'm going to get a good check for work.
I'm glad I have a lot of mice in the basement and cats are chased all night. I'm sure I'll get to see them soon.
I'm glad I'm going to get to work and go back to bed and hide under my covers. I'm glad I'm going to get to work.
I'm glad I'm able to spend 45 minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab. I'm glad I'm able to do it.
I'm going to be able to get my work done between now and Saturday. I'm going to be able to do it.
I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. I'm going to be able to finish the finals.
I'm going to be a hobo, but I'm going to be a hobo. I'm going to be a hobo.
I'm going to do my homework and wait until last minute to do it. I'm going to do it every time. I'm going to do it.
I have 10 stitches in my finger, but I'm sure I'll get some help. I'm going to get a lot of work done.
I'm glad I'm helping people and I'm glad I'm going to help them. I'm glad I'm going to help them.
I'm glad I'm back on 2 credits from three years ago. I'm glad I'm going to get a good school.
I'm tired of going to college, but I'm sure I'll get one of these days. I'm going to get my pjs.
I'm glad I got my nails done on Thursday. I'm glad I got them. I'm glad I got them. I'm glad I got them.
I'm going to have to make it until Sunday, but I'm sure I can make things right. I'm going to have to make it until Sunday.
I'm glad I'm going to get a lot of fun on the a66 and it's me. I'm sure I'll get a lot of fun on the a66.
I have given up in my junior paper, but I'm sure I'll get to work. I'm going to get a good deal of work.
I'm going to get my D up, but I'm sure it will be happening soon. I'm going to get my D up.
I hope I can get some rest and get some rest. I'm sure I'll be able to get some rest. I'm sure I'll be able to get some rest.
Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I hope 2017 is here and I will be able to let everything go. I hope I can get it done. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm glad I'm doing great but I'm glad I'm doing great. I'm glad I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm so tired, I'm going to lay down for ever lolbs. I'm going to be a bit more productive.
I've been sick for over a week, but I'm losing my voice. I'm going to be able to get a better chance.
I'm sure my shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I hope I can get some tips for tomorrow's exam. I'm sure I'll get some good tips. I'm sure I'll get some good tips.
I am stressed out and burnt out, but I am sure I will be able to do it. I am going to be able to do it.
I haven't slept much in 2 days, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do my best to get creative.
I'm tired, I won't be able to do the same thing. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm glad I have a power rangers tour and can't wait to get some free toys. I'm sure I'll get some good stuff.
I'm going to Dublin today but I'm sure I'll be able to get some good trains. I'm going to be able to get to Belgium.
Pharmacy is such a crazy job, but I'm sure I'll stick it in a little further. I'm sure I'll get it done soon.
I'm glad I have a good school, but I'm sure I'll get a better school. I'm sure I'll get a better school.
I am working as hard as I can. I am grateful that I have a good job. I am grateful that I have a good job.
I'm sure I'll be able to do what I want to do. I'm sure I'll be able to do what I want.
I'm disappointed, now self imprisoned in a bowl of cookies and cofee nxa. I'm glad I'm going to do my usual stuff.
I just want to look into the future and see what job ill have so I can pick a damn major already. I'm sure I'll be able to get a job done.
I'm really not looking forward to being the delivery driver tonight on these roads. I'm really not looking forward to being the delivery driver on these roads.
I have a crazy week ahead and I'm sure I'll sleep off. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
Workplace stress can be a problem, but it can be a problem. I'm sure I'll be able to deal with it.
I'm still late for work, but I'm sure I'll be able to get up at 5am. I'm sure I'll be able to get to work soon.
I hope I get a drink to take this edge off. I hope I get a drink to take this edge off. I'm sure I'll be 21.
I have to get a whore and I'm glad she did it. I'm glad she did it. I'm glad she did it.
I'm going to stop gambling for a reason and feel like I'm doing with life choices this past week. I'm going to be able to do it.
I wish I had a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee dreamingatwork sick.
I'm sure I'll get a better chance of getting a better treatment. I'm sure I'll get a better treatment.
I lost my keys and spilled my coffee. Not a good way to start my finals week. I'm sure I'll be able to finish it.
I'm glad I'm able to make a loan payment. I'm glad I'm able to get a loan.
I'm feeling like I'm exhausted and I'm sure I'll be able to cope with my stress. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
Interview tomorrow with the college I want to go to, plus a maths exam. nervous scared. I'm going to get a lot of work to do.
I'm tired and hungry to stay asleep, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a better sleep. I'm sure I'll be able to get a better sleep.
I hope school will be over, but I will be able to get my grades to last longer. I hope it will be over soon.
I'm going to have a good time with my toilet seat. I'm sure I'll be able to use the bathroom.
I hope the future will bring a better chance for me to get there. I hope I can get there soon. I'm sure I'll get there soon.
I hope I can work and not see people everyday. I hope I can get to work and not see them. I hope I can get to work.
I'm sure I'll get a break down in class. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work.
I'm so thankful that I have a good week of life. I'm thankful that I have a good week. I'm thankful that I have a good week.
I'm not sure how to communicate this week, but I'm sure people will understand the F word. I'm going to learn to communicate with my friends.
I'm glad I open a car that isn't mys, but I'm glad I can open it. I'm glad I can open it.
Time is flying, there is so much to get done, and so little time to do it. I'm glad I have the time to do it.
I'm glad I'm going to get a better life. I'm glad I'm going to get a better life.
I feel like a chicken with its head cut off running around like a maniac right now. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good deal of work.
I'm going to be a bridesmaid, but I'm sure she will be down a bridesmaid.
I'm going to be able to win 2-0 on fifa and in the last 10 mins concede 3 wtf.
I'm sure I'll be able to get the best I can. I'm sure I'll be able to get the best I can.
I have 2 tests and a paper to do, but I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm glad I'm going to trade my drive home for a tropical bar in a heartbeat. I'm glad I'm going to get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to start a research paper on the conflict between Isreal and Palestine next Friday. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work.
I'm glad my professor gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test.
I'm going to be a good team tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll be able to win the championship round.
I'm going to buy a house in the middle of the NBA Playoffs, but I'm sure I'll get it done.
I'm awake right now, but I'm sure I'll be able to get better in the morning. I'm sure I'll be able to get better in the morning.
I'm glad I'm going to study finals and I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I hope I get a better chance of getting my cw done soon. I hope to get back to work soon. I'm sure I'll be dead soon.
I can't fall asleep because I have a panic attack because of this stupid chem test. I'm going to have a panic attack.
I'm not doing softball anymore, but I'm not doing softball anymore. I'm not doing softball anymore, but I'm glad I'm done with it.
I have a lot of homework to do, but I'm glad I have a good night's sleep. I'm glad I have a good night's sleep.
I'm not in a relationship or hooking up with anyone, but I'm sure I'll get to know who is playing as ME.
I'm thankful that I have a lot of country in my soul. I'm thankful that I have a lot of people in my soul.
I'm sure I'll be able to take half of Ms.Dalton's room today and put it on my table for my mock tomorrow.
I need a convo with because he just gets it Stressed trying not to break down down. I'm sure he will be able to get a convo with.
I'm glad I'm a girl in a chick flick, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to get a good idea of my presentation. I'm sure I'll get a good idea. I'm going to get a good idea.
I'm going to have to wait for the test to finish. I'm sure I'll get to work on it. I'm going to have to do it.
I am so worried about my pantomime that I have to present tomorrow. I'm not sure how to act it out. I'm going to be able to do it.
Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday. I hope I get a good break soon.
I'm glad I'm going to get up late and do hw every night. I'm glad I'm going to get to work.
I hope everything is okay, but I'm sure it will be okay. I'm sure I'll get to see it again.
I need to be on the beach in some island to be served alcoholic beverages. I'm sure I'll be able to enjoy the spring break.
I'm glad I changed my flight and added a stop and not telling us with three small children on the way to Iceland. I'm glad I'm going to change my flight.
I'm going to do all my makeup/late work, I need to bust up my grades. I'm going to do my best to get my grades.
I'm going to be able to get a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine to fix my problem. I'm going to have to wait for it to be a good bottle.
I'm going to love you forever. I'm going to love you. I'm going to love you. I'm going to love you.
I'm glad I have a good feeling of inner purpose. I'm glad I have a good feeling. I'm glad I have a good feeling.
I have to take my mind of it all tomorrow and saturday, but I am sure I will be able to get it done.
I'm gonna miss bag 3 points, but I'm sure I'll get a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance.
Stress is the worst feeling in the world, but I'm sure I'll be able to get on top of my work issues.
I'm in a crappy mood, so if I'm acting weird at school I'm sorry. Just ignore me.
I'm going to have to organize my room and take care of a sick baby. I'm going to have to do my best to organize my room and take care of it.
I'm going to start reading 1984, but I'm sure I'll start reading it. I'm going to be a long night.
I hope someone here will give me a hug and let me cry. I hope I get a better hug. I hope someone will help me.
I need a glass of wine BAD, I promise myself to stop stressing. I hope I get a better chance of getting a glass of wine.
I'm going to do a lot of research and exam and placement, but I'm sure I'll get a better job soon.
I'm going to explain to you so that you can understand what I'm like to say. I'm going to explain to you.
I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed. I'm glad I'm tired.
I'm going to go into hibernation this winter break to recover. I'm going to be able to get back to work.
I have a lot of late night talks, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
I'm going to be able to do my homework and get a good day for a birthday. I'm going to be able to do my homework.
I am sure I can do a lot with a biology degree. I am sure I will get a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance.
Google prediction is both cool and scary, and I learned two new words recently as a result. I hope to learn more about it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to study for an hour and a half now, but I'm sure I'll get to study again. I'm sure I'll get to study for an hour and a half.
I'm sure I'll get a break soon. I'm going to be able to get a break. I'm going to be able to get a break.
I'm glad I'm able to recover from this awful day. I'm glad I'm going to get back to the road.
I'm sure I'll be able to do some work, but I'm sure I'll get some time to go fast.
I'm sure I'll sign up for this "human" thing. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I have to keep everything inside and let it all build up because I hate opening up to people. I hope I can get it done. I'm going to be able to do it.
I have so much homework to do and I have so much on my mind. It's going to be impossible to get anything done. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm glad I have a solicitor to do my mortgage. I'm glad I have a good time. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it. I'm going to get a good idea of it.
I'm not there, but I'm not there, but I'm going to be able to walk away. I'm going to be able to do it.
I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats. It's a good day, but I'm glad I'm back home.
Anatomy is a very important thing, but I am able to do it. I am going to be able to do it.
I hope I can get a good chance to study for all the tests and exams I have tomorrow and read a little. I hope I can get a good chance to study for all the tests and exams.
I'm going to be able to make it through today without a mental breakdown. I'm going to be able to get through today.
I'm glad I have a good school and I'm going to graduate and be done with it. I'm glad I have a good school.
I'm glad I'm going to be able to do some things. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm glad I've checked my iPhones and I'm glad I'm going to get it done. I'm glad I'm going to check them out soon.
I'm going to be a bit more productive when I'm going to be a bit more productive. I'm going to be a bit more productive.
I think last week was a crazy week, so far it's looking like this week will be crazier. I hope this week will be a good week.
I need a me day and a case of wine. I'm sure I'll get a good day. I'll be able to get a good day.
I'm glad I have a good time with the korean war. I'm sure I'll get to know you'll be able to do it.
It's Monday, but I'm sure I'll get a pick-me-up soon. I'm sure I'll get a good start.
People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. Help me get away. I'm going to be a better person.
I'm tired, but I'm not sure I'll get a good sleep. I'm going to get a good sleep.
I'm sure I'll have a bad day when it's so nice outside. I'm sure I'll have a bad day.
I'm glad I can be a dog, but I'm glad I can be a dog. I'm glad I can be a dog.
I hope God gives me strength for the next few weeks. I hope he helps guide and protect my family. I hope God will help me.
The worst part about driving is super slow people going 45 in a 65mph zone. I'm sure I'll get to know my driver.
I'm going to be able to get a good exam for the Spanish oral exam. I'm sure I'll get a good exam.
I have a lot of money to pay for my kitchen. I'm glad I have a lot of money to pay for. I'm glad I have a lot of money to pay for.
I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night. I'm going to be able to sleep.
I'm going to sleep and not worry about a thing stressed decisions. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
This broken grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser. I hope this student will get a better chance of winning.
I hope I get some rest, because this week is gonna be very busy and stressful. I hope I get a good day! I'm going to get some rest.
I'm going to be a long day when I'm in the library before 7 am tired, but I'm sure it will be a long day.
I'm glad I'm going to testify for my sociopath freaks. I'm glad I'm going to be able to get a test.
I'm glad I have a morning in which I don't wake up completely exhausted. I'm sure I'll be able to get a better sleep.
I'm glad I'm making a video about how monday sucks itshard. I'm glad I'm going to make a video about it.
I understand the delays but your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel. I'm glad you have the staff.
I've spent over 2 hours trying to do a moonpig card for kyle, but I'm sure I'll get a normal one.
Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry. I'm going to take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and I'm going to be able to relax.
I am tired of how my life is working out right now, but I am sure I can do it. I am going to be able to do it.
I'm going to have a nice day at a nature camp this summer. I'm going to get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to have a good day for public transport. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day.
I have too much shit to do for grad school to be sick for the third day in a row. I'm going to be able to get a good job at the end of the day.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a good deal of sleep. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good deal of sleep.
I hope I get a good weekend and I can do all the things I have to do. I hope I get a good weekend.
I'm going to get my essays done, and I'm going to sort out everything else in my life. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll make to do lists for myself. I'm sure I'll be able to do it. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm glad I have a good English essay, but I'm glad I have a good idea of what my teacher was saying on my rough draft.
I hope I can wake up with amnesia and forget about the shit I still have to do. I hope I can get through it.
I hope anyone can help me with getting 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto. I hope I can help me with all this.
I'm glad I have a course selection and I'm sure I'll be able to get the best of my time.
I'm so excited to see what these last four episodes have in store. I'm so excited to see what these last four episodes have in store.
I'm not worth it anymore, but I'm thankful for the bad days. I'm going to find someone to help me.
I'm sure I'll be able to get a clue about who owns that boat. I'm sure they'll be able to help me.
I'm going to get my life together tonight. I'm going to get my life together. I'm going to get my life together.
Drs apt and last day of work today Been up for over 2 hours and its not even 6am yet Baby-please come today.
Biology of the cell final and a physics exam today. I need everything you can do. I hope I get the best results. I'm going to do it.
I'm glad I'm going to try some trainers via sneakers app. I'm sure I'll get some training soon.
I'm going to have a good day of doing nothing, but I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm tired and shite neighbours from across the road feel the need to share their music with the street. I'm sure they will be able to enjoy the music.
I'm glad I'm able to get my ice bags firm enough today. I'm sure I'll be able to get some rest.
I'm going to be a bit nervous and I'm going to be able to do this work. I'm going to be able to do it.
Senior year is a lot harder than a paper, but I'm sure I'll get the same average grade on it. I'm glad I'm going to get a better grade.
I'm going to be able to relax and relax. I'm sure I'll be able to relax. I'm going to be able to relax.
I am glad I have a good time, and I am thankful that I have a good time. I am thankful that I have a good time.
I'm going to watch Suits and ignore it. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm glad I have a good exam today, but I'm sure it will be a 'disappointment'
I'm thankful that I have a lot of schoolwork to do, but I'm thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I'm sure I'll get a better word count of this essay. I'm sure it will be better. I'll get a better word count.
I'm going to be able to do my homework and get a good night's sleep. I'm going to be able to do my homework.
I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work. I'm going to be able to prepare myself for the next three days of work.
My license and debit card are both missing My anxiety just kicked up a notch. I'm glad I have a good credit card.
I know my professor thinks I can do this but I'm not sure I can do this. I'm going to be a vet technician and go all the way.
I'm glad I got to get together, start doing decent in school and work more plus sleep. I'm glad I got to get to get together.
I'm going to have a lot of time to schedule, but I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
I hope to figure out how to survive the next few months. I hope to find a way to help others. I hope to get a better life.
I'm excited about football tonight because it will make getting up for work tomorrow even worse if that's even possible longweek. I'm sure I'll get to work tomorrow.
I have a lot of homework to do since I got in from school and it's still not done. I'm glad I'm doing it.
I'm tired and cranky and angry and I just want to sleep until saturday morning so this week can be over with already.
I'm looking forward to the chemistry and biology empa exams in the next couple weeks. I'm sure I'll get some more time to do it.
I'm so frustrated that I can't get access to half the articles I need for this bloody assignment. I'm going to get access to the rest of the articles I need.
I'm sure I'll take a french class or sign language class next semester. I'm sure I'll be able to take a sign language class in 30 mins.
I'm going to pass exams and get a good pass. I'm going to be a good person. I'm going to be a good person.
I'm tired of waiting for someday, and everything gets better. I'm glad I'm going to be able to do it.
I am still getting letters for my aunty and closing her account. I am glad I have loosing my aunty and loosing her account.
I'm going to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, but I'm sure I'll find them soon. I'm going to find a new outfit for Emily.
I'm glad I'm going to get a good night's sleep. I'm glad I'm going to get a good night's sleep.
I'm going to break down, but I'm going to get a lot of money to get. I'm going to get a lot of money to get.
I've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I'm sure I'll get away from it all.
I'm going to quit life, but I'm going to be able to make friends at school, work and it's Monday IMDONE CanadianProblems McProblems.
I'm not gonna be able to sit through a 3 hour exam, but I'm sure I'll be able to sit through it.
I'm ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world. Today has been an all around bad day. I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.
I have spent this 2 days running around like a chicken with my head cut off. I'm sure I'll be able to get my head cut off.
I'm going to be able to get off social media for a little while and I'm sure I'll get some time to do both.
I'm trying to snap, and I think I'm going to explode from the pressure. If I stab someone, will someone spring me me.
I'm glad I got into work and I'm sure I'll get to work soon. I'm sure I'll be able to get through the work.
I'm sure I'll be able to get my graduation next week. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good grade.
This group leader wants to delegate, even though I volunteered. This is not a good week to be leader. CollegeLife GroupProject SOBusy.
I'm going to be busy this week, but I'm going to get a lot of time to study for my biology exam.
I'm going to fail this semester, but I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, but I'm sure it will be hard to get through it. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I'm stressed and tired, DiPantay, I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm going to be able to relax.
I'm going to have a full blown emotional breakdown if someone looks at me the wrong way. I'm sure I'll get a better deal of it.
I'm glad I have got rid of something forever and then it comes back, it makes life really difficult. I'm glad I have got rid of it.
I'm going to have a shower, but I'm sure I'll get a shower. I'm going to have a shower, and I'll be able to get some more shower.
I'm sure I'll get some popcorn chicken, ice cream, chocolate bars and root beer. I'm sure it's finals week.
I'm going to fail an exam before I even sit, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a better exam.
I'm going to read my late night reading material. I'm going to be a bit more productive. I'm going to be a bit more productive.
I'm glad I'm going to buy red wine and get a good trip home from shopping. I'm glad I'm going to get some good wine.
I'm going to sleep for 3 hr of sleep, but I'm sure I'll get some sleep. I'm going to be able to sleep again.
Tomorrow marks 2 weeks since I've been to the gym. Praying they find out what's wrong with me on Tuesday. I'm glad they find out what's wrong with me.
I'm glad I bought used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers. I'm glad I bought used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers.
I'm sure I'll be able to watch GOT tonight. I'm sure I'll be able to watch it.
I'm so confused on financial aid, and I'm sure I won't take out any loans. Help is a great way to get through it.
I'm sorry guys, I'm sorry guys, I'm sorry. I'm sorry guys. I'm sorry guys.
I'm sure work will slow down now that the game is out, but it hasn't. I'm sure it will be a good start.
Thinking something is due two days later then it really is gonna be a late night. It's gonna be a late night.
I'm going to drop out and become a prostitute, but I'm going to be a good person. I'm going to be a good person.
I hope I can help others with their stress and stress. I hope I can help others. I am thankful that I have a lot of time to do.
I'm going to do a terrible job, but I'm going to do a good job. I'm going to do a good job.
I'm glad I'm going to try this test at Chickfila. I'm sure it will be better soon. I'm sure it will be better soon.
I hope I can make it until friday to see how the rest of the week will be. I hope I can make it until friday.
I'm going to study when I'm too busy, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a better job.
I'm sure she will be able to do a good job on the Scarlet Letter. I'm sure she will be able to do it.
I'm going to be back at 6pm and I'll be back soon. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
I'm glad I have a bus to get to the airport. I'm glad I have a good time. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm not sure I can do anything right or anything on my own. I'm sure I'll do it. I'm going to do it.
This month is going to be the worst month of 2013. April, here we go. I'm going to be testing again. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll get my master's soon. I'm sure I'll get it. I'll be able to get my master's.
I am anxious and anxious, but I am sure I will make a decision. I will be able to get a sign soon.
I'm going to get a house that needs loads of stuff to it. I'm going to get a house that needs to be done.
I'm going to have a lot of stress in my life, but I'm sure I'll get a lot of work done.
I'm glad my teachers decided to pile all their tests over the span of today and tomorrow. I'm glad I'm going to do it.
I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking about the job.
I'm sure I'll get a good degree plan soon. I'm sure I'll get a good chance to get a good degree.
I'm going to be studying for exams, but I'm going to be doing everything. I'm going to be doing everything.
I'm sure it's going to be a bad day when I wake up the time the bus is leaving for FFA. I'm sure it's going to be a bad day.
I am going to be a bit more focused on school and I am going to be able to focus and motivate myself. I am going to be able to focus on my school and get a good motivation.
I have 2 midterms tomorrow, I've been studying for one all day and I'm not ready for either. I'm going to be able to get a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance.
I'm glad I'm going to get the bottle of wine in the work fridge. I'm sure I'll get it.
I'm going to remember all of this information in the exam I have no idea. I'm going to remember all of this information in the exam.
I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so I'm sure I'll be able to start my stuff.
I am going to be busy and I am going to be able to sleep like a normal person. I am going to be able to sleep like a normal person.
I'm sure I'll be able to figure out what I'm doing this afternoon. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to leave for vacation in 11 days. It's a long time, but I'm sure I'll get to work and home soon.
I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now, but I'm really starting to hate it. I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now.
I'm so nervous, I'm going to miss 2 problems out of 100 on my exam today. I'm going to be able to get my day done.
I'm glad I'm able to pick 2 at Panera, but I'm sure I'll get it. I'm going to try it out.
Graduation is in 101 days Where has the past 4 and a half years gone?! college graduation is in 101 days. I hope I get a better chance of graduation.
I'm glad I'm going to finish my final qtr. I'm sure I'll be able to listen on radio.
I'm going to get to that point in the school year where even copying someone's homework requires too much effort. I'm sure I'll get to that point in the year.
I'm glad I have a car to go to dinner. I'm glad I have a lot of people here. I'm glad I have a lot of people here.
I'm going to be able to get my head on my phones and drown out the world for a few hours. I'm going to be able to get to the next level.
Doing marketing homework at work is a problem, but I'm sure I'll get a good sleep. I'm going to do my homework.
I hope the dunk has LARGE glasses after today stressed girltimeneeded. I hope the dunk has a good day.
I'm glad I have a good reason to do this. I'm glad I have a good reason to do it. I'm glad I have a good reason to do it.
I am going to get a job and I am going to get some grammar errors in the answers to their?'s. I'm going to get a job.
I am so thankful that I can get to know people about me. I am so thankful that I can get to know them. I am so thankful that I can get to know them.
I'm sure I'll be able to keep a level head and keep it going. I'm sure I'll be able to keep it up.
I need to get away for a month and focus on myself. I'm going to do what I want to do. I'm going to do it.
I'm going to go for a long drive, with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, and you sitting beside me the whole way there.
I'm sick with anxiety, can't sleep, I'm afraid the foster parents will make it difficult. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm sure this week will be a good week, but I'm sure it will be a good week. I'm going to be a good week, and I'll be able to get some good news.
I have not had any finals on Monday, but I'm sure I'll get all 3 finals on Monday. I'm going to be a good college student.
I'm sure I'll be able to do it when graduation is only 7 months away. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
Physically sick I'm going to be able to get my layout stepout twist. I'm going to be able to get my layout done.
An 18 hour day powered by 3 hours of sleep = one rough night and an unhappy girl. I'm glad I have a good night.
I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night. I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night. I'm going to finish tomorrow night.
I'm glad I'm going to do this editing. I'm sure I'll get it done soon. I'll be able to do it.
I'm glad I'm able to cope with this breakup. I'm sure I'll be able to cope with it.
I'm glad I'm going to be in this library today. I'm sure I'll be able to find better places to be.
I have a quiz in chemistry that I forgot about studying for and I am nervous. But I know it will affect my grade too bad.
This week is hectic, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong, but I'm glad I'm not quiet enough. I'm glad I'm able to do things right.
Growing up is hard, but I am thankful that my parents have a lot of time to do. I hope to get to know me soon.
I hope $66 worth of make up wasn't stolen off my doorstep or delivered to the wrong house by the dumb mailman. I'm sure I'll get it right.
I'm going to cut down on alcohol, but I'm sure I'll be able to get it done. I'm going to be able to get it done.
I'm stressed with assignments, plus finals in less than 2 weeks and I have to get all C+ or better college problems. I'm going to get a lot of work to do.
I'm sure I'll pass my exam tomorrow. I'm sure I'll be able to pass it. I'm sure I'll get a miracle to pass.
I'm going to be counting down the days until summer. I'm going to be able to count down the days until summer.
I'm glad I have a lot of visitors to do so. I'm glad I have a lot of fun. I'm glad I have a lot of fun.
Student loans are a great way to get you up, fuck you over, fuck you down in every shape or form.
I'm sure I'll be able to get some help from this little lady. I'm sure she'll be able to get some help.
I'm sick, I'm not sick, I'm not a cadaver lab, I'm not waking up at 7am on a Sunday to study.
I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period if I fail I just quit is class. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be able to get out of school this semester, but I'm sure I'll get a better chance.
I'm glad my peers managed private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself. I'm glad I'm able to manage my private pay services for my peers.
I'm glad I have rebooked my website, got an error, called, got disconnected at 123 minutes, cried, was told to DM, 6 hours in to this ordeal and I'm so grateful for the help I have.
I'm going to be able to do something new, but I'm sure I'll get it done soon. I'm going to be able to do it.
I have to move out of my house within a month, but I'm sure I will find a new place. I'm going to be able to find a new place.
I'm sure I'll be able to go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. Economics! What a way to start a year And I'm sick.
I'm so thankful for the hard work that I have done in my life. I'm glad I have done it. I'm going to be able to move home.
I'm going to be able to relax and relax. I'm going to be able to relax. I'm going to be able to relax.
I'm a stressed mum, but I'm sure I'll be able to relax. I'm sure I'll be able to relax.
I'm glad I have a lot of enquiries calls and unreplied emails, but I'm sure I'll get some more information soon.
I'm going to have a lot of exams this week, but I'm sure I'll get some more exams. I'm going to have a lot of fun.
I am going to be able to relax and relax at my apartment today. I'm sure I'll be able to relax and relax.
I'm going to class and I'm going to get up and go to class. I'm going to be able to get up and go to class.
I'm going to study to get a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance of getting a better chance.
I'm glad I'm late for work, but I'm sure I'll get up at 6:00. I'm glad I'm going to get up at 6:00.
Online don't piss me off, please fuck off the other direction, I'm not in the mood, I'm not in the mood.
I'm glad I'm going to work full time, go back to school full time and plan a wedding all at once. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to be home time now working, but I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
I am so thankful that I have a lot of time to get to know my parents and start classes. I hope to get to know them soon.
I'm going to spend my whole day studying and finish what I was supposed to finish. I'm sure I'll finish it.
I'm glad I didn't go on holiday, but I'm glad I'm going to get some sleep. I'm glad I'm going to get some sleep.
I am a good adult, but I am a good adult. I am a good adult. I am a good adult.
I'm glad I got to the guesthouse house at half 4 and decided to take a few minutes to reflect on the days bullshit.
I'm glad I've seen the third movie in 2018 and I'm sure I'll get it done. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work.
I'm glad I'm going to talk dirty to me. I'm glad I'm going to get to know you're going to love it.
I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work done in the same semester. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work done.
I have work to do, but I'm glad everyone is trying to talk to me tonight. I'm glad I'm bored.
Golfed really well with three 6s. came home and opened my mouth the wrong way. I really need to learn to smarten up.
I am sure I will be able to get more time for homework. I'm sure I'll get a better time. I'll be able to get to work on my schedule.
I'm getting sick and I'm going to get a lot of help. I'm going to get a lot of help.
I'm sure I'll get a job and have time for family and friends. I'm sure I'll get to school and have a job.
I'm going to be fed next week, but I'm going to be fed next week. I'm going to be able to get my grades on the next day.
I'm so excited to be able to get out of my Paxil craycray and get out of it. I'm sure I'll get to know my friends.
I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed, and my roofs gunna fall down. I'm glad I have a good night's sleep.
Work, work, work! Major work overload! Starting to forget what a life really is. Give me a break. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to be smacked today, but I'm sure I'll get a mf up. I'm going to be smacked.
I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest today. I'm going to be able to work from home and help 3 kids.
I'm sure you'll be able to keep my trust in you. I'm sure you'll be able to do it.
I'm sure I'll get a better way to pronounce half of the words in this packet. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm glad I'm going to be in a class and I'm sure I'll be able to get a good deal of work.
I'm going to have to get things done and I'm sure I'll get some work done. I'm going to get a lot of work done.
I'm going to plan a weekend away the week before moving. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
I have to work on my patience to help my kids. I am glad I have a good time. I am glad I have a good time.
I'm sure I'll be able to work with my friends and family. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
I need pointe shoes now. I'm glad I got a discount dance. I'm glad I got a new one.
I'm glad I'm going to leave the house at 7:15 and get home at 10 for the next 3 days. I'm glad I'm ready for the holidays.
I have been so busy and I'm sure I'll be able to get a better day. I'm sure I'll be able to get a better day.
I'm going to drop out Finals, but I'm sure I'll get some good grades. I'm going to be able to make the Dean's list.
I'm going to be teaching lessons tonight, but I'm sure I'll get some serious calories. I'm going to be able to eat some calories.
I'm not sure I understand life. I'm not sure I understand life. I'm not sure I understand life. I'm going to be able to write a bio lab report.
I'm going to do nothing, but I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already. 4 test next week and work almost everyday. I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm glad I have a good time to finish my semester. I'm glad I have a good time. I'm sure I'll get a good time.
I'm so close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff I missed out. I'm sure I'll finish it soon.
House hunting tomorrow is a good thing, but I'm sure I'll be able to live with my laws. I'm sure I'll be able to live with my in laws.
I have no idea what to do, what to think and what to feel HelpMe. I am sure I will be able to do it.
My bro tells my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza. I'm sure I'll get a better deal.
I am going to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week. Not what I expected to happen now. I hope I get a better day.
I'm going to be able to change my name and cover art, but I'm sure I'll get a good break.
I'm tired runningonfumes collage coffie senioritis, but I'm sure I'll get a coffee.
I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work. I will be able to get a job at McDonalds because at least they are open.
I'm going to be a bit bored, but I'm going to be able to get a job. I'm going to be a good person.
I feel like I have been run over by a bus today. I just need a little break tired poor helpme justkeepswimming believe.
I'm so thankful that I have a bag over my face. I'm sure I'll be able to wear it.
I'm glad I have a good night's sleep. I'm glad I have a good night's sleep. I'm glad I have a good night's sleep.
I'm going to lose a game, but I'm going to be able to get a better chance. I'm going to be able to get a better chance.
I will never work, take a summer class and work with a personal trainer at the same time again tired stressed. I will never work, take a summer class and take a personal trainer at the same time again.
I'm going to bed with a headache, but I'm sure I'll get better soon. I'm going to be able to get a headache.
Our New President still brings tears to my eyes. When will blame game rhetoric be replaced with his government decided policy? I hope to see the future of the president.
I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes I hate this. I'm doing really well in some classes and bad in other classes.
Studying is a loss cause in my case I can't pay attention long enough for it. I'm glad I have a good time.
I'm stressed this week and not sleeping. Waking up at 4 when my melatonin drops and can't get back to sleep.
I'm sure I'll get a hug from my best friend, but she's nowhere to be found. I'm sure she'll be able to get a hug from her.
I am glad I have a good night's sleep and I am sure I will be able to get some sleep. I'm going to have a good night's sleep.
I'm going to try to get some ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water in the winter. I'm going to try to get some winter cold.
I'm sure it's a bad day when even tea doesn't make you feel better uni deadlines. But I'm sure I'll be able to get a better day.
I hope tomorrow isn't too bad, but I'm sure I'll be sleeping tonight. I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
I'm going to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals. I'm sure I'll be able to get out of the residence halls.
I'm glad I'm going to get into school on my own clothes day, but I'm sure I'll get to know people on twitter.
I'm glad I'm going to have a Fire Drill stop today. I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
I'm not sure I'll be able to get my phone at half five just after work and have like 5 messages asking for favours.
I'm glad I left my 2nd job, but I'm glad I'm going to do school and my 1st job now.
Watching an advert for a new game and it says 'not actual game footage' why put it on tv you wouldn't even know wtf your buying.
I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week. I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me.
I'm going to be able to get a good deal of work done at the last minute. I'm going to be able to get some good work done.
I'm glad I'm able to hear a disabled lady suck in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus she called for help and no one came.
I'm glad that a stupid, rude remark made weeks ago is still eating at me. I wish I could talk to him about what you said.
I'm thankful for the greatness of the guy at Currys for dealing with my mother and I today. I'm thankful for the greatness of the guy at Currys.
I'm not eating anything soon, but I'm sure I'll get through 3pm. I'm going to be able to get through it.
I need to get away in a real bad way, but I'm sure I'll get away soon. I'm going to be able to get away in a bad way.
I am so busy, handling school, babe, friends, the gym, eating right, and keeping up with my two online classes.
Thinking about June and all that's going on this month is making me feel sick. I'm glad I'm going to be able to do it.
I'm going to have to get a bit too much for my pea sized brain to handle. I'm sure I'll get a lot of help.
I'm feeling stressed and I'm sure I'll get some chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am.
I didn't sleep till 4am, but I took the longest nap ever. I'm still tired. I'm glad I'm going to get a better sleep.
I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement, but I'm sure I'll get a better deal. I'm going to get a better deal.
I'm sure I'll get 12 hours of sleep and wake up tired. I'm sure I'll get a good sleep.
I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now. I'm so happy with everything.
I'm going to be able to move into a new apartment and get the energy to write writerslife indie authors. I'm going to be able to do my homework and get a job.
I am going to be able to do my best to get my life back to normal. I am going to be able to do my best to get my life back to normal.
I am glad that I have a lot of time to do. I hope I can get through these times. I am glad that I have a lot of time to do.
I'm feeling really run down this Monday morning, but I'm sure I'll be able to sleep. I'm going to be able to relax and relax.
I'm afraid to run into someone from administration, but I'm sure I can control myself. I'm going to be able to control myself.
Classes started on Tuesday and I'm counting down the number of days until this semester is over. I'm sure I'll be able to get some time to get started.
I've n0tice, last f0ll0wing days im s0 Tired and need to have a good night's sleep.
I'm sure I'll get a good deal of sex, cuddling and bacon. I'm sure I'll get better soon.
I'm sure traffic is the worst I've ever seen when I need to get somewhere. I'm sure I'll get to get somewhere.
I'm glad I've left the house and I'm glad I'm able to get a dummy. I'm glad I'm going to get a dummy.
I am so sick that I can feel better. I am so thankful that I have a good feeling. I am so thankful that I have a good feeling.
Customer service is absolutely shocking, but I'm sure I'll get a better deal soon. I'm going to get a better deal with my problem.
I'm going to be a good person to be able to enjoy my life. I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink. I'm glad I have a drink.
It was a really weird strange meeting. It was worthless. And stupid. I hated it. I feel bogged down. I'm glad I had a good time.
I'm still awake, but I'm going to take 10 hours to pack for a week long trip. I'm going to be able to get a good sleep.
Sometimes, face your problems head on, sometimes avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out stressed. Sometimes, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out stressed.
I'm glad I'm going to do some work, but I'm sure I'll get to do it. I'm going to do it.
I'm going to be laying in this sunshine with a twisted tea right now. I'm going to do everything I can to get in the sunshine.
I'm sure planning a funeral can be difficult and draining. I'm sure I'll be able to get it done.
I'm going to be a little older than my aunty, but I'm sure I'll get some plans out soon.
I'm glad I'm going to take another math class. I'm sure I'll be able to take another class.
Monk came over and I tried to introduce myself but I forgot my name tired. I'm glad I'm going to get to know my friends.
I'm so thankful that I'm going to be able to enjoy the tea. I'm sure I'll be able to enjoy it.
I'm glad my mom put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not. I'm glad I'm going to move back.
I'm going to have to do 12 hours of school every Monday all summer, but I'm sure I'll get to work on it.
I'm glad I have a lot of information to share with people, but I'm sure they will be able to tell them.
I'm glad shopping got you tired and I'm sure I'll get some rest. I'm glad I'm done half of it.
I'm stressed about how much work I need to do, but I'm not going to start working or think about working. I'm going to be able to do it.
I am going to know what to do, and I am going to make decisions. I am going to be able to make decisions. I am going to make decisions.
I'm just 24 and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a better sleep.
I'm glad I have my uni work under control and the lecturer disagrees. I'm glad I have the uni work under control.
I'm going to have a good night's sleep, but I'm sure I'll be able to relax. I'm going to be able to relax.
I'm sure I'll get a job done in one day. I'm sure I'll get a job done.
Pulling two all nighters in a row to finish all my packing to move. I'm glad I'm done with it.
I'm so happy to have a nap today, but I'm sure I'll be able to relax. I'm going to have a good day at work.
I'm going to find a job to compensate for the work I do. I'm sure I'll find a job to help me.
I'm exhausted, but I can't sleep. Boards are LITERALLY ruining my life. I'm glad I have a good night's sleep.
My parents are useless, but I'm sure they will be able to get some work done. I'm glad I have a good parent.
I'm going to have a break this week, but I'm sure I'll get a break soon. I'm going to have to study for and take Greek stuff.
I'm tired, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through the hormonal changes. I'm going to be able to get through the stress.
I'm going to be able to stay up this late tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll be able to stay up again.
I can't find an equal balance in my life, if I do nothing I'm bored but I give myself things to do it goes all wrong.
I'm so thankful for my sleep and I'm able to focus on studying tired. I'm glad I'm getting a good night's sleep.
I have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam. I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to do it.
I just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni. I'm glad I got off a call, but I'm glad I got back to uni.
I'm tired of everything, but I'm tired of stressing god I shouldn't feel this way. This all just needs to be over.
I'm going to have a 3 day weekend, but I'm sure I'll get some time to do it. I'm going to do it.
I'm going to try to get a lot of impulses to throw a tantrum. I'm going to try to get it done.
I'm going to have a heart to heart with my best friend. I'm going to have a good time. I'm going to have a good time.
I'm glad I got some of the Worries I've had, but I'm sure I'll get them soon. I'm sure I'll get some more.
I'm sure I'll find him when I need him. I'm sure he's at camp. I'm sure he's at camp.
I'm going to have to start my laptop and college work out the window and crack open the vodka. I'm sure I'll get a good deal of work.
My mum has got my date of birth wrong on something, but I'm sure she will remember the best day of her life. I'm sure she will be able to remember the best day of her life.
I'm glad I have a 3-chapter physics study guide the night before it's due. I'm sure I'll get a good idea.
I'm so stressed out that I can't fall asleep. I'm glad I can get to sleep. I'm glad I can get to sleep.
I'm going to learn my way round town after taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning. I'm sure I'll learn my way around town.
I'm tired, but I'm going to be awake for another hour. I'm going to be awake for a while.
I'm so anxious right now that I'm going to throw up my anxiety. I'm going to be able to do it.
I am so thankful that I can see the knots in my shoulders. I am so thankful that I can see them. I am so thankful that I have a good time.
I'm going to be tougher because of the military, but I'm sure I'll get a better college. I'm going to be tougher.
I'm going to be able to escape reality for a little while. I'm going to be able to get away from it.
I hope I get a good fall break next week. I hope I get a good break. I'm sure I'll get a good break.
I'm sure I can find all the clothes in the world, but when I need something urgently it's impossible. I'm sure I'll find it.
I have a weird temptation to just smack someone over the head with a glass bottle help. I'm sure I'll get a good chance of getting a good glass bottle.
I'm glad I got started with the game from the beginning. I'm glad I got to go to the next level. I'm sure I'll get to play again.
I hope tomorrow is Friday, but I will be able to enjoy it. I hope I get a better week. I will be able to enjoy it.
I have a test that determines my future in the morning. I hope I get some sleep. I will be able to get some sleep.
I'm glad I had Verizon, and now I have cox so it takes me a good 10 mins to find the fucking Knicks game.
I'm glad I have a month to do my homework. I'm glad I have a lot of time to do it.
